{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Jethro.\par
THE WORLD WAS a dangerous place, but I was worse.\par
The human race left the dark ages behind\f1\emdash technology improved and\par
ruined our lives in equal measure, and the devils in society hid with better\par
camouflage.\par
As the years rolled by, and we left our barbaric ways behind, people\par
forgot about the shadows lurking in plain sight. Men like me morphed into\par
predators in sheep\rquote s clothing. We preyed on the weak with no apology, and\par
everything landed in our fucking laps. Civilization cloaked us, hiding the\par
animals at heart.\par
We traded caveman mentality and murder for suits and softly spoken\par
curses. I hid my true temper beneath a veil of decorum. I mastered the art of\par
suave.\par
People who knew me said I was a gentleman. They called me\par
distinguished, accomplished, and shrewd.\par
I was all of those things, but none of them. We might live in a civilized\par
world, but rules and laws didn\rquote t apply to me. I was a rule-breaker, cursemaker, life-stealer.\par
The projection was a farce\emdash but even the worst of us had someone who\par
owned us. Whether family, honour, or duty.\par
I\rquote d embraced my inner barbarian, yet was governed by a hierarchy and\par
when the Hawk matriarch snapped her fingers, we all came running.\par
Including my arsehole of a father, Bryan Hawk.\par
There, in the cigar and cognac laced library, I learned a truth that\par
forever changed my life.\par
And hers.\par
My family owned another.\par
An IOU on their entire existence.\par
Who gave a shit why a wealthy family called the Weavers were\par
indebted to us? Who gave a damn that they\rquote d royally fucked off my family\par
and earned the wrath of my ancestors?\par
All I cared about was the news I\rquote d inherited something more than just\par
money, possessions, or titles.\par
My twenty-ninth birthday gave me a pet. A toy.\par
A responsibility I didn\rquote t want.\par
Debts I had to extract from unwilling flesh.\par
A job to uphold our family honour.\par
Nila Weaver.\par
One mistake six hundred years ago put a curse on her entire family.\par
One mistake sold her life to me in a mountain of unpayable debt.\par
I inherited her.\par
I preyed on her.\par
I owned her life and had the piece of paper to prove it.\par
Nila Weaver.\par
Mine.\par
And my task...\par
devour her.\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 Nila.\par
\ldblquote TOLD YOU THIS collection would be your break, Threads.\rdblquote\par
I smiled, not taking my eyes off the model prancing down the runway.\par
My stomach churned like an overworked loom with stress and adrenaline.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t jinx it. There\rquote s still the couture collection to go.\rdblquote  I flinched as\par
the model sashayed too much, wobbling in the insanely high heels I\rquote d\par
buckled to her feet.\par
My cell-phone buzzed in the only place I had available in this dress\f1\emdash\par
my cleavage.\par
No, no. Not now.\par
I\rquote d been waiting to hear from him for two days. Lying in bed in the\par
fancy hotel, willing my phone to chime, granting me the intoxicating rush\par
of flirtation. But nothing. Not a peep.\par
A month of this...what was this? It wasn\rquote t a relationship. Liaison?\par
Nameless courtship? I had no name for the craziness I indulged in. I panted\par
for scraps of communication like a high-school wallflower.\par
It\rquote s time to end it.\par
Another message vibrated, shattering my willpower to ignore him with\par
his impeccable timing\emdash as usual.\par
\ldblquote You know the couture line will raise the roof. Stop being modest.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn nudged my shoulder with his.\par
Ignoring my brother and the suddenly heavy cell-phone, I winced as the\par
model flicked her hair pirouetting at the end of the runway, before flouncing\par
away in a whirl of pink silk.\par
Too much attitude for that dress. I shook my head, stopping the inner\par
monologue that never shut up when it came to models flaunting my\par
creations.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know anything anymore. Stop nettling me, V. Let me focus.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn scowled. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know why you\rquote re so worried. Cheque books\par
are already open. You\rquote ll see.\rdblquote\par
Another message arrived, sending my phone into throbbing excitement.\par
Even my phone got excited when he texted.\par
My heart fluttered. A hot flush covered my body remembering the last\par
sentence I\rquote d received from Kite . I\rquote d made the mistake of reading it just\par
as I boarded the short flight from England to Spain.\par
Kite : I don\rquote t need to know what you look like to get hard\emdash guess\par
where my hand is.\par
Of course I couldn\rquote t help myself. Because I was a sex-starved woman\par
surrounded by over-protective men.\par
I replied: I don\rquote t need to hear what you sound like to get wet\emdash guess\par
where my hand wants to be?\par
I\rquote d never been so blatant. With anyone. The moment I sent it I freaked\par
out, wishing I could unsend.\par
I\rquote d spent the trip in a confused state of arousal and denial. And never\par
received a reply.\par
Until now.\par
I hid my flush, pretending nothing enticing taunted me on my phone. I\par
loved my father and brother\emdash so damn much\emdash but if they knew...the\par
proverbial shit would hit the fan.\par
\ldblquote Oh, God.\rdblquote  I clutched my heart as another stick-thin model paraded\par
down the catwalk, failing to show off the intricate peacock-blue dress to its\par
advantage. \ldblquote No one will buy it if they can\rquote t see the potential of the design.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn sighed. \ldblquote You worry too much. It\rquote s stunning. Anyone can see\par
that.\rdblquote  His dark eyes landed on mine. \ldblquote Allow a thrill of pride\emdash just once,\par
Threads. It\rquote s going perfectly, and I couldn\rquote t be prouder of you.\rdblquote  My twin\par
brother draped his arm over my shoulders, tucking me against him.\par
Considering the word \lquote twin\rquote  meant mirror image, Vaughn was taller, better\par
looking, and overall more vibrant than me. He made others envious with his\par
natural beauty, while I made others feel beautiful with dresses sewn with\par
twenty-four carat gold and dyed with exclusive inks costing a small fortune.\par
I supposed that was my talent: making others feel worthy while he sold\par
products thanks to his allure. Mirror image alright\emdash the direct opposite.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a model. Why aren\rquote t you showcasing my clothes?\rdblquote\par
Vaughn laughed. \ldblquote My figure doesn\rquote t look good squashed into some\par
sequinned frock. Create some decent clothes for males, then I might stoop\par
and be your headline act.\rdblquote\par
I thumped his arm. \ldblquote You know I don\rquote t have the drive to stitch suits and\par
boxer-shorts. I keep telling you to go into business with me and create a\par
men\rquote s line. There\rquote d be no stopping\emdash\rdblquote\par
Vaughn rolled his eyes. \ldblquote Can\rquote t afford me.\rdblquote\par
I scowled. \ldblquote Afford you? I\rquote ve heard a perky pair of boobs and sex will\par
buy your attention for at least a weekend.\rdblquote\par
He pointed at my small chest with a glint in his eye. \ldblquote I see no perky pair\par
and...gross, Nila. You\rquote re my sister. Why the hell are we talking about sex?\par
You know we were raised better than that.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t want to laugh. I didn\rquote t want to lose the wound-up tension from\par
my collection, but Vaughn never failed to earn a lip-twitch.\par
I sighed, shaking my head. \ldblquote Sex, shmex. You\rquote d be lucky if I hired your\par
scrawny ass.\rdblquote\par
He smirked. \ldblquote Who\rquote re you calling scrawny?\rdblquote  He waved at his tall frame.\par
\ldblquote My skills are on the other end of the camera. As my track record states.\rdblquote\par
His perfectly straight teeth flashed\emdash daring anyone to deny the truth.\par
I used to be jealous of his deliciously good looks. My brother was rich\par
brocade while I was boring calico. But now, I was proud. I might be graced\par
with a body requiring embellishment by other means than fate, but I knew\par
the secrets of illusion. I\rquote d spun magic with a sewing machine since I was a\par
little girl, stepping from the shadow of my family\rquote s name, carving a small\par
slice of greatness for myself.\par
\ldblquote Well if the show tonight flops, at least you can bail me out with all that\par
cash you\rquote ve earned thanks to your god-like looks.\rdblquote\par
A laugh barrelled from his mouth, loud but still hidden by the sultry\par
fashion show music. The dark room hid the large crowd but couldn\rquote t\par
disguise the heavy press and body heat of numerous buyers, shoppers, and\par
catalogue procurers.\par
Vaughn squeezed me tighter. \ldblquote Nila, I\rquote m warning you. I want a smile.\par
You\rquote ve worked on this for months. Stop being so damn pessimistic and\par
celebrate.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t celebrate until the last model has shown their garment and not\par
tripped over their arse in a seven thousand dollar dress.\rdblquote\par
My phone buzzed again.\par
I froze, cursing my twisting stomach and the fire-bolt to my core.\par
Kite . The nameless teasing male who had more power over me than any\par
other man. A stupid secret crush. With a stranger no less.\par
It\rquote s a sad day when I\rquote m emotionally invested in a fantasy. I should never\par
have replied to the incorrectly sent message a month ago. Then I might\rquote ve\par
directed the small energy I had left after working so hard and find a real\par
man. One I could kiss and flirt with in person.\par
The jagged pain lashed again. Rejection. I\rquote d asked Kite, after a late\par
night volley of messages, if he\rquote d be interested in meeting.\par
Needle&Thread: So...I was wondering...I\rquote m sitting here drinking a glass\par
of wine and thought you might like to do that sometime? Go out for a drink,\par
in person, together?\par
I\rquote d pressed send on the jumbled, awkward sentence before I lost my\par
nerve. I\rquote d never asked anyone on a date before\emdash it nearly gave me a heart\par
attack.\par
He\rquote d never replied. Silence was his usual reaction to dealing with\par
something he didn\rquote t want to discuss\emdash only to message a few days later on a\par
completely different subject.\par
Where sexual innuendoes were hard for me, Kite was a master. He\par
used it as a weapon, making me forget we had no depth to our\par
conversations...not that they were conversations.\par
When he did reply, it\rquote d been a clever mix of teasing and emptiness\emdash\par
reminding me not to read into this shallow form of communication.\par
Kite : I\rquote m in a meeting and all I can think about is your nun outfit.\par
You wearing underwear today?\par
Yep. That stopped my wishful thinking of meeting him in person.\par
Untangling myself from Vaughn, I pretended to scrutinize the remaining\par
models while I indulged in the very first text I received.\par
The one that began it all.\par
Kite : Tonight won\rquote t work for me, but waiting will only make you\par
wetter. Be a good girl and don\rquote t argue. I\rquote ll make sure to reward your\par
patience.\par
A shiver worked its way under my expensive gown. I\rquote d never received a\par
message like that. Ever. And it wasn\rquote t meant for me. I imagined some lucky\par
woman looking forward to her reward. I tried to delete the message\emdash I\par
really did. But after twenty-four years of being hidden away from boys, I\par
couldn\rquote t help myself.\par
My reply was utterly ridiculous.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m afraid you\rquote re talking to a nun who understands\par
nothing of sexual hints and not-so-subtle suggestions. Patience to me is\par
payment after waiting for a microwaved chocolate pudding. Wet to me is the\par
brief enjoyment of a shower before the slave labour of my job. If your\par
intention was to make me (an unknown stranger who could be your motherin-law or an arthritic eighty-year-old) wet and impatient, perhaps you\par
could bribe me with sugar, a hot bath, and a night off from work\emdash then\par
perhaps I\rquote ll obey and \lquote deserve\rquote  your veiled insinuation of pleasure. (By the\par
way...if you haven\rquote t guessed, wrong number.)\par
And so began a mistake that I had no intention of stopping.\par
I groaned under my breath, never failing to suffer a wash of\par
embarrassment. I had no idea where the flippancy came from. I wasn\rquote t a\par
nun\emdash but I wasn\rquote t far off. Thanks to the two permanent men in my life,\par
dating was a rare event.\par
A curvy model coasted down the runway in my favourite creation of\par
cream lace, Victorian collar, and external bustle. I intended to head the trend\par
of a historical fashion comeback.\par
\ldblquote That would look better on you.\rdblquote  Vaughn\rquote s husky voice cut through the\par
graceful music.\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote No chance.\rdblquote  Looking down at my small cup size and\par
overly trim frame, thanks to my obsessive running, I added, \ldblquote You need\par
femininity to pull off a corset like that. I\rquote m a rake.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Only because you exercise too damn much.\rdblquote\par
Only because I have you and father stopping me from getting exercise in\par
sexual form. I didn\rquote t believe in self-pleasuring...running was my only hope\par
at a release.\par
The model spun in place, swirling her train before disappearing up the\par
catwalk. I suffered a moment of envy. It would be nice to have boobs and\par
hips.\par
Vaughn\rquote s strong fingers caught my chin, breaking the unlockable stare I\par
had on the strutting model, guiding my non-descript black eyes to his\par
vibrant chocolate ones. \ldblquote We\rquote re going out tonight. Hitting the Milan night\par
clubs.\rdblquote  The low lights around the runway made his skin glow with a natural\par
dusky tan. His blue-black hair was the one beautiful thing I shared. Thick,\par
dead straight, and so glossy people said it was like looking into black glass.\par
My one saving grace.\par
Oh, and my ability to sew.\par
And flirt with a stranger on an impersonal device.\par
My phone buzzed\emdash a reminder my inbox had something delicious for\par
me to read. And it would be delicious.\par
Dammit. The urge to look almost broke my self-control. What the hell\par
was he doing messaging me? We knew nothing about each other. We shared\par
nothing but dirty fantasies. My mind once again jumped back to the first\par
relay of texts.\par
Kite : Shit, you\rquote re a nun? Sorry...what\rquote s the correct term of\par
address...sister? I apologise for the incorrectly sent message. Despite your\par
Godly perfection and sheltering, you deduced correctly. It was in fact very\par
sexual. The woman in mind would never be welcomed into a sanctity such\par
as yours.\par
I\rquote d had no reply to that, but he\rquote d sent another twenty minutes later.\par
Kite : Sister...I need absolution. I find myself consumed with the\par
image of a sexy nun stripping and sliding into a hot bath with chocolate\par
sauce on her lips. Does that make me the devil, or are you for making me\par
lust for someone I shouldn\rquote t?\par
For the first time in my life, I\rquote d felt the rush of power and need. This\par
unknown man lusted for me. He\rquote d replied based on what I\rquote d sent. He\rquote d\par
been right about the blushing, but only because I was sheltered, not because\par
I\rquote d decided to dress in black and white garb for the rest of my life. I came\par
from rainbow fabric; I drank textile ink as mothers\rquote  milk. I learned to sew\par
before I could walk. I could never become a nun, purely because of the\par
boring fashion choices.\par
My fingers shook as I messaged him back.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m blushing but happen to be wearing something a lot\par
more interesting than black and white or a boring shift.\par
I had no idea what made me reply. I\rquote d never been so bold and he was\par
taken\emdash obviously. He\rquote d been messaging a girl.\par
Kite : Oh, see...you can\rquote t say things like that to a complete stranger\par
who mistakenly messaged a hot nun who doesn\rquote t conform to the dress code\par
picked out by God. Tell me.\par
Needle&Thread: Tell you what?\par
Kite : What are you wearing?\par
And that was where I freaked. He could be a ninety-year-old pervert\par
who\rquote d tracked down my number from one of my runway shows to stalk me.\par
Nothing was as it seemed in today\rquote s world.\par
Needle&Thread: I hope you find the person you were trying to contact.\par
Enjoy your night of sexual torture. Goodbye.\par
I\rquote d closed my phone and done exactly what I\rquote d said. Microwaved a\par
chocolate pudding and slid into a hot bath. Only to be interrupted by a\par
reply.\par
And another.\par
And another.\par
I lost count of how many messages I received. I managed to ignore him\par
for five hours, but then my innocent soul became corrupted by a man I\rquote d\par
never met.\par
\ldblquote What do you say?\rdblquote  Vaughn pursed his lips, accenting his well-formed\par
jaw and rounded cheekbones.\par
I blinked, shattering memories of phone flirting.\par
\ldblquote Huh?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tonight. You. Me. A bottle of tequila and some bad decisions.\rdblquote  My\par
brother rolled his eyes. \ldblquote I\rquote m not having you holed away in your hotel room\par
on your own\emdash not after a show like this.\rdblquote  Vaughn\rquote s voice cajoled, his face\par
\emdash a cross between a cherub-faced youth and heartbreaker man\emdash implored. I\par
could never say no to him. Just like countless other women. It didn\rquote t help he\par
was heir to a textile business that\rquote d been in our family since the thirteenth\par
century and a seriously good catch.\par
We had pedigree.\par
History.\par
The bond between past and present. Dreams and requirements. Freedom\par
and obligation. We had plenty of it, and the weight of what was expected of\par
me hammered me further and further into the ground.\par
\ldblquote No tequila. No night clubs. Let me unwind in peace. I need some quiet\par
after the hectic day I\rquote ve had.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All the more to get messy on a dance floor.\rdblquote  Vaughn grabbed my\par
elbow, attempting to swing me around in a complicated dance move.\par
I stumbled. \ldblquote Get your grubby hands off me, V.\rdblquote  Vaughn was the only\par
one who didn\rquote t inherit a nickname based on the industry that consumed not\par
only our lives but our ancestors, too.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s no way to speak to your brother, Threads.\rdblquote  V laughed.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s this? My two offspring fighting?\rdblquote\par
I rolled my eyes as the distinguished silhouette of my father appeared\par
from the crowd of buyers, designers, and movie starlets all there to witness\par
the new season of fashion in Milan. His dark brown eyes crinkled as he\par
smiled. \ldblquote Congratulations, sweetheart.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn let me go, relinquishing his sibling hug for a paternal squeeze.\par
My arms slinked around the toned middle of my father. Archibald Weaver\par
still had the Weaver signature thick black hair with a straight spine, sharp\par
mind, and ruggedly handsome face. He only became more fetching the\par
older he got.\par
\ldblquote Hey. I didn\rquote t think you\rquote d arrive in time.\rdblquote  Pulling away, I inhaled his\par
strong cologne. I wished mum was still around to see him evolve from\par
distracted parent to fantastic support system. I never knew why we weren\rquote t\par
close when I was young. He\rquote d been sour, grumpy, and...lost. But he\rquote d never\par
burdened Vaughn or me with what troubled him. He remained a strict single\par
parent, raising us motherless from eleven years old.\par
\ldblquote I managed to get an earlier flight. Couldn\rquote t miss your headline show.\rdblquote\par
Another message came through, the vibration particularly violent. I\par
shuddered and blocked all thoughts of the nameless man trying to get my\par
attention.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m glad. However, all you\rquote re going to see is your daughter shuffle\par
down the runway, overshadowed by gorgeous models, and then trip off the\par
end.\rdblquote\par
My father laughed, his critical eye perusing my gown. \ldblquote Corset, tulle,\par
and the new midnight-galaxy material\emdash I doubt anyone will overshadow\par
you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Help me convince her to join me tonight. We could all go out\par
together,\rdblquote  Vaughn said.\par
Great. Another night with two men\emdash neither of whom I can avoid to\par
acquire a real relationship.\par
I often felt like a kitten brought up by two tigers. They never let me\par
grow up. Never permitted my own claws to form or teeth to sharpen.\par
My father nodded. \ldblquote Your brother is right. It\rquote s been a few months since\par
we were together. Let\rquote s make a night of it. Some of your best work is on\par
display. You\rquote ve made me very proud, Nila, and it\rquote s time to celebrate.\rdblquote\par
I sighed. Looking over his shoulder, I saw the last model disappearing\par
into the wings, her train of silver stars and organza looking as if she\rquote d fallen\par
from heaven.\par
That\rquote s my cue.\par
\ldblquote Fine. Sounds wonderful. I can never say no to you. Let me wrap this\par
up and then I\rquote ll relax. Promise.\rdblquote  I reached up and kissed him on his papery\par
cheek. \ldblquote Keep your fingers crossed that I don\rquote t trip and ruin my career.\rdblquote\par
He grinned, slipping into the much loved and well known persona of\par
Tex\emdash short for Textile\emdash a nickname he\rquote d had all my life.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t need luck. Knock \lquote em dead.\rdblquote  His brown eyes faded. The\par
melancholy I was so used to seeing swallowed him whole, hiding his jovial\par
spirit. It was his curse. Ours. All of us.\par
Ever since mum divorced him and disappeared we\rquote d never been the\par
same.\par
Vaughn pecked my cheek. \ldblquote I\rquote ll help you get through the crowd.\rdblquote\par
I nodded and weaved through the crush of bodies to the small staircase\par
at the side of the runway. \par
The organiser, with her headset, frantic blonde curls, and dog-eared\par
notebook, squealed when her eyes landed on mine. \ldblquote Ah! I\rquote d sent out ninjas\par
to find you. You\rquote re up. Like right now.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn chuckled. \ldblquote I\rquote ll wait here for you.\rdblquote  He faded into the living\par
organism that was the fashion hungry crowd, leaving me at the mercy of\par
Blonde Curls.\par
Bunching the overflowing train of my dress, I climbed the steps, hoping\par
against all odds that I wouldn\rquote t faint. \ldblquote Yes. I know. That\rquote s why I\rquote m here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank God. Okay, stand there.\rdblquote  She manhandled me until I stood just\par
so. \ldblquote I\rquote ll give you the cue in thirty seconds.\rdblquote\par
The girl couldn\rquote t have been much younger than me. I\rquote d just celebrated\par
my twenty-fourth birthday, but after leaving school at sixteen to follow in\par
my family\rquote s footsteps and nurture my skills as a designer, I felt much older,\par
grumpier, and less eager to please. \par
I love my job. I love my job.\par
And it was true. I did love my job. I loved transforming plain fabric,\par
sourced by my father, into works of art thanks to the accessories, silks, and\par
diamantes my brother imported when he wasn\rquote t modelling. We were a true\par
family business. Which I loved and would never change.\par
It was the public eye I hated. I\rquote d always been a homebody. Partly out of\par
choice\emdash partly because my father never let me date.\par
Talking of dates...\par
My fingers itched to grab my phone.\par
The girl nodded, pressing her headset hard to her ear. \ldblquote Gotcha. Sending\par
on now.\rdblquote  Holding her hand out, she added, \ldblquote Come. Your final model is\par
ready. Get onto the runway.\rdblquote\par
I nodded, gathering the thick black material of the feather and gemstone\par
dress I wore. Completely impractical. Completely couture. A bloody\par
nightmare to wear, but the effect of soft wispy feathers and the glint of\par
black diamantes set my hair off better than any other colour.\par
Some said colour was what made your mood.\par
I said black protects.\par
It gave me strength and boldness where I had none. It granted sexuality\par
to a woman who\rquote d been sheltered all her life by a severely overprotective\par
father and insanely possessive brother.\par
If it hadn\rquote t been for Darren and the one night where I\rquote d drunk too much,\par
I would still be a virgin.\par
Taking my place in the middle of the runway, I smiled tightly at the\par
model chosen to wear my centrepiece.\par
My heart fluttered, falling in love\emdash just like I always did\emdash with the\par
garment I\rquote d adoringly, intimately created. Wrapped around the girl\rquote s zerosize frame and shimmering in the low lights of the packed room, the dress\par
was revolutionary. My career would reach new heights. It wasn\rquote t pride\par
glowing in my heart\emdash it was relief. Relief that I hadn\rquote t let anyone down\emdash\par
including myself.\par
I\rquote d done it.\par
Despite my nerves, I\rquote d done what I\rquote d always needed and carved a name\par
for myself despite the huge inheritance of the Weaver name and empire.\par
My collection was mine.\par
Every item from handbags to shoes and scarfs was mine.\par
Nila.\par
Just my first name. I hadn\rquote t wanted to use the power of our legacy. I\par
hadn\rquote t wanted to let anyone down in case I failed. But now I wanted to\par
sequester my success and hoard it.\par
The room hushed with anticipation as the music changed from Latin to\par
symphony. A large spotlight drenched us in golden rays.\par
My heart rate exploded as I took the model\rquote s hand, flashing her a quick\par
smile. Her cascading blonde hair glittered with gold plaited in the strands.\par
We matched perfectly in height\emdash deliberately placed together for\par
ultimate impact. Gliding forward in thousand dollar shoes, we walked the\par
final stretch.\par
My black ensemble set off the gold, yellow, and burnt orange of her\par
layers upon layers. She looked like crackling embers and fire where I was\par
the coal from which she sprang. We were the sunset of the show. The\par
darlings of Milan.\par
Hushed silence. Bright lights. Immense concentration to stay on my\par
feet.\par
The rest became a blur. There were no trips, or wobbles, or rushes of\par
horror. Cameras clicked, praise murmured, and then it was over.\par
A year of hard work wrapped up in a two hour runway show.\par
The end of the platform became a sea of petals and strewn flowers full\par
of accolades. Our coal and fire presence swallowed camera flashes,\par
welcoming greedy eyes to stare.\par
Ten minutes I stood and drowned in praise. Vertigo hobbled my body as\par
my gaze landed on my father and brother. They knew this part was the\par
hardest for me. They knew my heart strummed fast and sickness rolled.\par
Stress never sat well with my system.\par
Vertigo was hard to diagnose, but moments like these\emdash where the\par
madness of the past year culminated with yet more deadlines on the horizon\par
\emdash I recognised every symptom of wobbliness and fading vision. I felt\par
drunk...I wanted to be drunk\emdash even though I hadn\rquote t had liquor in seven\par
years.\par
Swallowing the lightheadedness, I waved and bowed before hitting my\par
limit. Gritting my teeth, I almost fell down the steps at the front of the\par
runway right into Vaughn\rquote s arms.\par
He scooped me up, giving me a firm balanced form to clutch to.\par
\ldblquote Breathe through it. It\rquote ll pass.\rdblquote\par
Shaking my head, I blinked, chasing away the fear in my blood and\par
weakness of an incurable illness. \ldblquote I\rquote m okay. Just let me go for a second.\rdblquote\par
He did as I asked, giving me space. The crowd stayed behind their small\par
barricade letting me suck in much needed oxygen. My phone buzzed again\par
and this time...I couldn\rquote t ignore it.\par
Pulling it from my ruffled, feathered cleavage, I unlocked the screen\par
and indulged.\par
Kite : Haven\rquote t had a message from you in a couple of days. If you\par
don\rquote t send one immediately, I might have to track down your name and\par
location and come and spank you.\par
My stomach flipped at the threat. He\rquote d never insinuated a meeting...not\par
after my bungle of asking him out and his blatant refusal.\par
Kite : Still no reply. If threats of physical harm won\rquote t make you\par
respond, perhaps the mental visualisation of me stroking myself while\par
reading some of your old messages will persuade you to.\par
My core clenched. He\rquote d pleasured himself while thinking of me? A\par
stranger touching himself shouldn\rquote t give me such a thrill.\par
Kite : My Naughty Nun, I don\rquote t know what you\rquote re doing, but I\rquote ve\par
disgraced myself by coming all over my hand at the thought of you naked\par
and smeared in chocolate. Hope you\rquote re happy.\par
\ldblquote What are you reading?\rdblquote  Vaughn peered over my shoulder.\par
My cheeks flamed and I wiped the screen of evidence that despite his\par
and my father\rquote s best intentions, I\rquote d managed to find a man interested in\par
talking sex with me. I couldn\rquote t wait to be in private to respond. Kite seemed\par
more...open. Maybe we could talk about real things and not just dirt.\par
\ldblquote Nothing.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn scowled, then a large grin brightened his face. \ldblquote Guess how\par
many orders?\rdblquote\par
My brain couldn\rquote t switch from wanting desperately to respond to Kite\par
to normal conversation. \ldblquote Orders?\rdblquote\par
He threw his hands up. \ldblquote Seriously! Your collection. Sometimes I worry\par
about you, Threads.\rdblquote  Still grinning, he added, \ldblquote Your Fire and Coal\par
collection has orders from all major retail chains in Europe and America,\par
and the couture line is currently in a bidding war for exclusivity between a\par
London boutique and Paris.\rdblquote  He bounced with happiness\emdash infecting me\par
with energy. \ldblquote I told you this was your break. You\rquote ve cemented your name.\par
Nila will be worn by celebrities around the world at their red-carpet\par
premieres.\rdblquote\par
He lowered his voice. \ldblquote You\rquote re your own, sister. You\rquote re more than just a\par
Weaver. You\rquote re you, and I\rquote m so damn proud of what you\rquote ve achieved.\rdblquote\par
Twin intuition had always been strong\emdash showing just how much he\par
understood without me ever having to voice it.\par
Tears sprang to my eyes. Vaughn didn\rquote t get sentimental often, so his\par
praise was a well-placed dagger in my self-control. This time I couldn\rquote t\par
stop the smile breaking through my defences or my heart glowing with\par
accomplishment. \ldblquote Thank you, V. That means\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nila.\rdblquote\par
I spun around to face my father. Instead of the grin and look of love I\par
expected, he stood cold and fierce. My stomach tensed, sensing something\par
was wrong. So, so wrong. It was the same look he got whenever he thought\par
of Mum. The same look I\rquote d grown accustomed to hating and running from.\par
\ldblquote Dad...what\emdash\rdblquote  He wasn\rquote t alone. My eyes trailed from my father\rquote s\par
pressed tux toward the tall, svelte man beside him.\par
Holy hell, who on earth...\par
Thoughts died like windless kites, littering my mind with silent\par
dumbness. He was a stranger. But I felt as if I\rquote d seen him before. He was a\par
mystery. But I sensed I already knew everything about him. Two\par
extremes...two confusions.\par
\ldblquote Nila, I want to introduce you to someone.\rdblquote  My father\rquote s jaw ticked,\par
hands clenching into white-knuckled fists. \ldblquote This is Jethro Hawk. He\rquote s a big\par
fan of your work and would like to take you out tonight to celebrate your\par
success.\rdblquote\par
I wanted to rub my eyes and have my hearing checked. Since the day of\par
my birth, my father had never introduced me to a man. Never. And he\rquote d\par
never lied so obviously. This man wasn\rquote t a fan of my work\emdash although he\par
did have incredible fashion sense. He had to be a male model with his\par
height, envious cheekbones, and perfectly styled salt-and-pepper hair. His\par
white skin was flawless\emdash no wrinkles or blemishes. He looked ageless, but\par
I guessed he was late twenties despite his greying hair speaking of wisdom\par
far beyond his years.\par
His hands were concealed in pockets of a dark charcoal suit with a\par
cream shirt open at the throat and a diamond pin piercing his jacket lapel.\par
\ldblquote Tex, what are you\emdash\rdblquote  Vaughn\rquote s voice was quiet but possessive. Eyeing\par
up Jethro, he stayed polite by offering his hand. \ldblquote Nice to meet you, Mr.\par
Hawk. I appreciate your interest in my sister\rquote s talent, but my father has it\par
wrong. Tonight she is unavailable due to a family commitment.\rdblquote\par
I would\rquote ve smiled if my stomach wasn\rquote t knotted as the two men\par
assessed each other.\par
Jethro slowly took my brother\rquote s hand, shaking once. \ldblquote Pleasure, I\rquote m\par
sure. And I, in turn, can appreciate your interest in keeping your prior\par
agreement with your sister, but alas. Your generous father has allowed me\par
the enjoyment of ruining your plans and stealing her away.\rdblquote  His voice\par
whispered through my gown, sending goosebumps down my spine. His\par
accent was English, same as mine, but slightly more clipped. He sounded\par
posh but rogue at the same time. Refined but uncouth.\par
My brother wasn\rquote t impressed. His forehead furrowed.\par
\ldblquote I hope that isn\rquote t going to be an issue, Mr. Weaver. I\rquote ve heard a lot\par
about you and your family and would hate to upset you.\rdblquote  Mr. Hawk\rquote s eyes\par
landed on mine, capturing me in a cage of golden irises and effortless\par
power. \ldblquote However, I\rquote ve heard the most about your sister. And I have no\par
doubt it will be a pleasure knowing her.\rdblquote\par
I gulped. No one had spoken to me like that\emdash especially in front of my\par
father. Who was this man? Why did his very existence fill me with hot and\par
cold and awareness and fear?\par
\ldblquote Listen here,\rdblquote  my father blustered. I tensed, ready for the outrage I\par
knew he was capable of, but his lips snapped closed and the fire in his gaze\par
didn\rquote t erupt. Swallowing hard, he finished, \ldblquote I presume my obligations are\par
complete?\rdblquote\par
Jethro nodded, a lock of hair brushing his forehead. \ldblquote You presume\par
correctly.\rdblquote\par
Fear evolved to panic. Obligations? My God, is my father in some sort\par
of trouble? I clutched his sleeve. \ldblquote Dad. The show\rquote s over. Let\rquote s go for that\par
drink.\rdblquote  I glanced at Vaughn, cursing my fluttering heart and the mix-match\par
of emotions colliding inside.\par
My father pulled me close, pressing a single kiss on my cheek. \ldblquote I love\par
you, Nila, but I\rquote ve kept you to myself for long enough. Mr. Hawk has asked\par
if he can take you out tonight. I agreed. Vaughn and I can wait till another\par
time.\rdblquote\par
He didn\rquote t say\emdash only if you want to, of course. It sounded more like a\par
sentencing rather than freedom to date. Why this man? Why now?\par
Vaughn moved closer. \ldblquote Tex, we already had plans. We can\rquote t just\emdash\rdblquote\par
My father glared at my brother, his gaze weighty with unsaid anger.\par
\ldblquote Plans change, V. Now give your sister a kiss goodbye. She\rquote s leaving.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I am?\rdblquote  I took a step backward, clutching my phone. There was no\par
denying Jethro Hawk was good looking and seemed to be successful\par
judging by his attire, but if I was allowed to date, I wanted Kite , not this\par
cold outlander.\par
\ldblquote You are.\rdblquote  Jethro held out his hand, his gaze noosing me tighter in their\par
golden cage. \ldblquote I\rquote m taking you somewhere special.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She isn\rquote t going anywhere with you unless she wants to, dickhead.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn puffed out his chest, placing a hand on my lower back. \ldblquote Tex\emdash tell\par
him.\rdblquote\par
My eyes flew to my father. What existed in his gaze sent frost crackling\par
through my blood. His lips were tight, eyes bright and slightly glassy. But\par
his cheeks were dark with rage. He glowered at Mr. Hawk. \ldblquote I\rquote ve changed\par
my mind. Not tonight.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn huffed, nodding in agreement. The thick soup of male\par
testosterone choked my lungs.\par
Jethro smiled coolly. \ldblquote You\rquote ve given me your word, Mr. Weaver. There\par
are no rain checks.\rdblquote  Aiming his sharp smile my way, he purred, \ldblquote Besides,\par
Ms. Weaver and I have a lot to discuss. It\rquote s time we got acquainted and\par
tonight is the night.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Excuse me while you all fight over me. But what about what I want?\rdblquote  I\par
crossed my arms. \ldblquote I\rquote m tired, overworked, and not in the mood to entertain.\par
Thank you for your interest, but\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No buts, Ms. Weaver. It\rquote s been arranged and discussed. You will come\par
with me because it\rquote s the only way your night will end.\rdblquote  Jethro lowered his\par
head, watching me from beneath his brow. \ldblquote I promise you\rquote ll have a good\par
time. And I mean you no harm...do you really think your father would\par
permit me to take you out otherwise?\rdblquote\par
Coldness etched his gaze.\par
Aloofness whispered from his posture.\par
Calculation radiated from his every pore.\par
I\rquote d never been so intimidated or so intimately challenged.\par
My father might have permitted this, but he didn\rquote t condone it. Somehow\par
Jethro had achieved the unachievable and convinced my father he was\par
dateable material. If he could manipulate Archibald \lquote Tex\rquote  Weaver, I didn\rquote t\par
stand a chance...and yet...despite the arrogance and chilly fa\f0\'e7ade, he\par
intrigued me.\par
My father had kept me captive my whole life. This was the first man to\par
stand up to him and grant a glimmer of freedom.\par
The fear disappeared, leaving a flicker of interest. If this was the only\par
man I could spend an evening alone with, I would take it. I would practice\par
my non-existent flirting skills and grow my confidence so I could ask\par
Kite out again. And next time, I wouldn\rquote t take no for an answer.\par
Sucking in a gulp, I placed my hand gently into Mr. Hawk\rquote s. His touch\par
was as cold as his demeanour and just as strong. I froze as his fingers\par
tightened around mine, tugging me forward. \ldblquote Good decision, Ms. Weaver. I\par
look forward to getting to know you better.\rdblquote\par
My lungs dragged in his scent of leather and woods. Words deserted me.\par
The show disappeared along with my worry and thoughts of Kite .\par
Gone was the urge to return to an empty hotel room. This man was pure\par
danger, and I\rquote d never sampled anything but safety. \ldblquote And you, Mr. Hawk,\rdblquote  I\par
murmured.\par
My date smiled, transforming his face from handsome to ruthless.\par
\ldblquote Please, call me Jethro.\rdblquote  Changing our grip from handshake to handhold, he\par
pulled me forward\f1\emdash away from my family, away from the men I\rquote d known\par
all my life, and toward a future I had no understanding of.\par
Vaughn\rquote s hand fell from my lower back.\par
I didn\rquote t look back.\par
I should\rquote ve looked back.\par
I should never have placed my hand into that of a monster\rquote s.\par
That was the last day of freedom. The last day that was my own.\par
Individuality and uniqueness\emdash those two words were so precious once\par
upon a time. I\rquote d been brought up with a gruff but fair father and a brother\par
who I would marry if it wasn\rquote t incest, believing I was unique, different,\par
never before created.\par
I hated being lied to.\par
I hated even more believing those lies until the truth decided to come\par
for me.\par
Turned out, I was never an individual; I was a possession to trade.\par
I was never unique; someone had lived my life many times before,\par
never free, never whole.\par
My life was never mine.\par
My destiny was already written.\par
My story began the night he came for me.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
IT WAS TOO easy.\par
I\rquote d stolen her right before her father and brother. I\rquote d taken her with no\par
blood shed or bones broken.\par
Power wasn\rquote t threats or uncivilised fighting. It wasn\rquote t brawn or hardwon arguments.\par
Power was holding something so absolute, a man would do what he was\par
told\f1\emdash all the while cursing your very soul. True power wasn\rquote t wielded by\par
gangs or even loudly-spoken governments.\par
True power. Limitless power\emdash only graced a fair few. It gave those\par
lucky ones the ability\emdash the nobility, to be courteous and polite. All while\par
holding their fucking balls in their hands.\par
Archibald Weaver was one such example.\par
I shook my head, disbelieving how the so-called enemy of my family\par
handed over his only daughter. The same daughter I\rquote d seen in tabloids as a\par
rising star of designers. The same offspring who was never photographed\par
with a man on her arm or seen sneaking out of a restaurant with a hidden\par
lover. He\rquote d wanted to kill me. I had no doubt he would try to kill me.\par
But he would fail.\par
Just like he failed to protect her.\par
Because he had no fucking power.\par
All it had taken was two sentences and Nila went from his to mine. A\par
thrill ran down my spine, remembering the rush of sensation when I\rquote d\par
tapped him on the shoulder. His dark eyes had been cool but welcoming,\par
believing I was a stranger there to congratulate. That all changed when I\par
handed over a black-flocked business card and said, \ldblquote The time is nigh to\par
pay your debts. Your past has found you, and there will be no peace until\par
she\rquote s ours.\rdblquote\par
His eyes went from cool to glinting with horror and rebellion. He knew\par
everything I did. He knew there was only one thing he could do\emdash no matter\par
that it would break his heart.\par
This was his fate. Her fate. Their fate. It\rquote d been written and understood\par
the moment he\rquote d knocked up his wife.\par
He knew the consequences, and he also knew the power we controlled.\par
No matter his unwillingness and terror, there was no other course of action.\par
Without a single word, he\rquote d marched me to his daughter and placed her\par
life in my hands. I hadn\rquote t believed my father when he said it would go so\par
smoothly. After all\emdash none of this made sense. But it had. And it did. And\par
now...it was all on me.\par
My education had begun a month ago. I\rquote d been told of my upcoming\par
duties, given history lessons of past debt collections. But I was as new to\par
this as her.\par
We came from generations interlocked in the same untieable way.\par
Now, it was our turn.\par
And we would have to learn together.\par
I glared at my conquest. Letting her hand go, she glided beside me\par
wrapped in darkness. I didn\rquote t need a physical claim on her now that she was\par
outside\emdash alone. Was it trust in her father\rquote s judgement guiding her feet or\par
stupidity?\par
Either way, I would be the last person she would ever see.\f0\par
Nila.\par
I BREATHED A lungful of crisp Milan air as we left the ornate building\par
where the fashion show was held. For late summer, the temperature danced\par
with chill rather than heat. The night had finally claimed the day. It didn\rquote t\par
get dark until ten p.m., so it was late for me. This time of evening, I would\par
normally be buried under a mound of cotton with a chalk pen and scissors\par
deciding what my next creation would be.\par
Coldness darted through my blood\f1\emdash not from the cool breeze but from\par
him. The silent, foreboding man walking soundlessly beside me.\par
Who is he? And why don\rquote t I trust a thing about him?\par
Studying him in my peripheral vision, he seemed to give off two\par
personas. One, a cordial, well-dressed gentleman who looked as though\par
he\rquote d stepped through a wormhole from some ancient century. And two, an\par
assassin who moved like a dancer only because he\rquote d been taught the art of\par
war and murder from the crib.\par
No words were spoken. No dalliance or small talk. His silence was\par
strangely welcomed and hated. Welcomed because it meant I could focus on\par
my vertigo and not let stress topple me over, hated because I wanted to\par
know him. I wanted to know why my father had vouched for him and just\par
where the hell he was taking me.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe you,\rdblquote  I said, my voice slicing through the crisp evening.\par
Even in the gloom, with only street lights for illumination, his eyes were\par
bright and such a light brown they seemed otherworldly. His eyebrow rose,\par
but no other interest showed on his face. \ldblquote What don\rquote t you believe?\rdblquote  He\par
fanned his arm to the left, indicating for me to travel that way.\par
My feet behaved, tottering obediently in the black velvet heels, but my\par
brain swam with a sudden gyroscope of vertigo. I focused hard on the\par
diamond glinting on Jethro\rquote s lapel. Find an anchor. Hold on tight. Do this\par
and you\rquote ll be alright. The stupid rhyme echoed in my brain. My brother had\par
made it up when we were eight after I\rquote d broken my arm falling off the\par
bottom step of our porch.\par
\ldblquote That you convinced my father that you\rquote re dateable material.\rdblquote  I\par
bunched the front of my skirt, wishing I could\rquote ve changed before traipsing\par
through Milan in a couture dress. \ldblquote You either bribed him or threatened.\rdblquote\par
Just like you\rquote re threatening me with your silence and imposing\par
attributes.\par
\ldblquote Threatened....interesting word.\rdblquote  His voice positively purred. Placing\par
his hands into his pockets, he added, \ldblquote And if I did? What difference does it\par
make? You\rquote re still here\emdash with me\emdash alone. Dangerous, really.\rdblquote\par
The footpath decided to roll beneath my suddenly unsure feet. Breathe.\par
Get it together.\par
Heroines in books were portrayed as quaint and lovable if they were\par
clumsy. I had more bruises and scrapes from falling and slamming into\par
things than I would ever admit, and there was nothing quaint about it. I was\par
a hazard. Especially if I had a pair of wickedly sharp dress scissors in my\par
hands and stood up too fast. Anyone in a two metre radius was in danger if\par
my brain decided to throw me helter-skelter into a wall.\par
It was also a huge inconvenience when faced with an overbearing\par
stranger who just used the words alone and dangerous.\par
\ldblquote Dangerous isn\rquote t a good word,\rdblquote  I muttered, allowing a little physical\par
distance to grow between us.\par
\ldblquote Stupid isn\rquote t a good word either, but it\rquote s been echoing in my head.\rdblquote\par
I slammed to a halt. \ldblquote Stupid?\rdblquote\par
Jethro glided to a stop, looking so cultured and sharp I had a terrible\par
urge to rip his jacket or ruffle his hair. He was too perfect. Too collected.\par
Too restrained. My heart stuttered. What exactly is he restraining?\par
\ldblquote You say I threatened your father as there\rquote s no other explanation as to\par
why you\rquote re standing here with me. I say if you feel that way, then you\rquote re\par
stupid for agreeing. It was you who took my hand, you who followed me\par
from the crowd to empty streets.\rdblquote  Leaning down, his eyes narrowed.\par
\ldblquote Stupid, Ms. Weaver. Very stupid indeed.\rdblquote\par
I should\rquote ve been insulted. Beyond livid at being ridiculed and\par
slandered, but I couldn\rquote t deny the idiocy of my situation. I\rquote d meant it as a\par
joke, sort of, but how could I ignore the truth blazing bright in his dark\par
words?\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m twenty-four, Mr. Hawk, and you were the first man my father\par
agreed I could spend an evening alone with. If it makes me stupid to want\par
something I\rquote ve been denied all my life, then yes, I guess I\rquote m incredibly\par
stupid. But you\rquote ve just proven that no matter how much I wanted freedom, I\par
love my family more, and I didn\rquote t say a proper goodbye.\rdblquote\par
The sudden need to see V and my dad overwhelmed me. Something\par
morbid inside taunted with the horrible thought I would never see them\par
again.\par
Glaring at Jethro and his imposing silence, I sucked in a breath. \ldblquote This\par
was a mistake. I\rquote m sorry.\rdblquote\par
Gathering my train, I spun on my heels and stalked toward the huge\par
portico and arched doorway. Blessedly my head remained clear and my feet\par
suffered no stumbles or falls. The heaviness of my train billowed in the\par
rush. I had no logical explanation why I suddenly needed to be around\par
people again, but I couldn\rquote t deny the strong pull toward family.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t say a word. He stayed statuesque and proud in the evening\par
darkness.\par
With every step I took, I expected him to call out or find some way to\par
stop me. He didn\rquote t seem like a man who accepted no for an answer. But\par
only silence followed, pushing me faster toward the door.\par
The moment I stepped through the polished entry and into the hive of\par
heat and voices, I plucked my phone from my cleavage. There was one\par
person in particular I wanted to speak to. A stranger I\rquote d never heard or seen.\par
My father had allowed me one night of freedom. I didn\rquote t want it with\par
Jethro, but I did want it with someone else.\par
Maybe Kite lived close by? His number prefix said he dwelled in the\par
United Kingdom. Like me. It wasn\rquote t a long flight to get back home.\par
I\rquote d lived in London all my life, moving from the outskirts to downtown\par
five years ago. The Weaver empire had always been based in London\emdash\par
right from conception. And probably always would be\emdash if business\par
continued to boom.\par
I opened a message to Kite .\par
Needle&Thread: Sorry I didn\rquote t reply before, I was busy cementing my\par
career and ensuring I have a lifetime of servitude and sewing.\par
I sighed, staring at the words. They sounded whiny and ungrateful,\par
which I wasn\rquote t. Plus, the unsaid rule between us was no personal\par
information. I didn\rquote t know what he did for a living or his real name or\par
favourite food. Sex messaging was a void with no depth.\par
Which shows how lonely you are.\par
I scowled, deleting what I\rquote d typed. I wasn\rquote t lonely. I had the best family\par
and support in the world. I was just...tired. Maybe I should book a holiday\par
somewhere hot? Somewhere where I can\rquote t sew or design or get sucked back\par
into work. It sounded great\emdash but one problem. I didn\rquote t want to be the loner\par
around a pool on some tropical island. I didn\rquote t want to eat on my own by\par
candlelight on the beach.\par
Take Vaughn.\par
I smiled. People already whispered that our relationship was too close.\par
Going on an island getaway? That would definitely get the gossip columns\par
buzzing.\par
My heart panged for the only relationship I had and how shallow it was.\par
There was so much I wanted to say:\par
I want to meet you.\par
Please, can we skip the innuendoes and just talk?\par
I\rquote m at the Nila Coal and Fire Exclusive in the heart of Milan. I want to\par
go for a drink with you.\par
I want to get to know you.\par
I couldn\rquote t type any of that as it was against the rules. The unsaid rules\par
hinted at by Kite. No personal details. No over-sharing. No information of\par
any kind but sex.\par
Damn rules.\par
Damn life.\par
Damn men.\par
My fingers flew over the screen.\par
Needle&Thread: All I can think about is you and your wandering hand.\par
I\rquote m mad at you for coming without me, but not mad because you came\par
while thinking of me. I\rquote ve had a long night and plan on releasing my\par
tension the moment I\rquote m alone.\par
A cynical smile twitched my lips. Kite would think I meant selfpleasuring. I really meant hitting the treadmill and running until my legs\par
turned to jelly.\par
My phone came alive in my hands.\par
Kite : Me and my wandering hand missed you. By a long night I\rquote ll\par
take it you mean on your knees servicing God in prayer. (let a man indulge\par
in the dirty thought) Message me when you\rquote re alone. I can help with your\par
tension.\par
I looked up. Couples mingled; groups gathered. Fashion was the\par
celebrated highlight of the evening with guests dressing in their absolute\par
best. But it was smiles and genuine happiness that made the evening glow. I\par
missed being happy. I hadn\rquote t laughed or smiled properly since Mum left. I\par
could never understand how she could love us as much as she claimed, then\par
switch off her heart...just like that.\par
When she\rquote d returned from her disappearance to file for divorce from my\par
father, she\rquote d ruined him. Completely and utterly stole his heart and shot it\par
to pieces on the lobby floor.\par
I remembered that day. I remembered thinking she\rquote d returned with such\par
a pretty necklace. So sparkly, it\rquote d blinded me when she blew kisses as she\par
walked out the door the final time.\par
Ever since that day, I\rquote d been afraid of love. Afraid of the pain it could\par
cause and how easily something so pure could turn into something so filthy.\par
Anger filled me. Anger I rarely let myself indulge in. I would never\par
admit the pain my mother caused, but it was the driving force behind my\par
workaholic nature. It was the catalyst of my life that turned me into the\par
woman I was.\par
Alone. Afraid. Angry. So damn angry.\par
Sliding my fingers across the keypad, I sent an impulsive message.\par
Needle&Thread: What if I don\rquote t want to be alone? What if I wanted help\par
physically rather than a meaningless text? Would you help then?\par
I probably shouldn\rquote t have sent it. I already knew his response. But what\par
was so wrong with me that no man wanted to face the wrath of my father\par
and take me for a drink?\par
Jethro stood up to him.\par
I frowned, clutching my phone. That man didn\rquote t count. He was as\par
terrifying as my father, and his motives weren\rquote t genuine. He didn\rquote t want to\par
listen to my tales of woe over dinner. He wasn\rquote t there to woo me. He\par
wanted something more. And it was the more I was petrified of.\par
Kite : Okay...whose balls did you steal to write that? You know that\par
doesn\rquote t work with me. I\rquote m not some boy you can snap your fingers at and\par
I\rquote ll come running.\par
Pain lacerated my chest but I already expected it. Before I could reply,\par
another message vibrated.\par
Kite : You just had to fucking do that didn\rquote t you? What do you want\par
from me? A commitment? A relationship? You knew what this was. I thought\par
you were having fun getting off\emdash same as me. Why ruin what we have?\par
My heart, the same useless organ that\rquote d never been in love, cracked\par
with agony. His anger bled from my phone, poisoning my hand. Fantastic.\par
The only outside interaction I\rquote d had, and it was over. But why his sudden\par
viciousness?\par
Needle&Thread: All I asked was a simple question, but you jumped\par
down my throat. What\rquote s your deal? Don\rquote t tell me. I can guess. You\rquote re only\par
happy when you\rquote re in charge. But guess what? I can simply delete your\par
number and never reply to you again. You were the one who found me,\par
remember?\par
I breathed hard, huddling over my phone. I wasn\rquote t done. It was\par
refreshing to finally allow myself to be angry. I wanted to pour it all out\par
before I could swallow it back down again.\par
Needle&Thread: I think you need to come again, Kite. Your temper is\par
completely uncalled for and misdirected. All I implied was a meeting. One\par
phone call. A kiss maybe if we hit it off in person. Why is that so hard for\par
you? I\rquote ll tell you why. Because you\rquote re commitment phobic and a cheater.\par
\ldblquote Congratulations on your collection, Nila. I\rquote m sure\emdash\rdblquote\par
I looked up into the eyes of a stranger. The woman had plump lips and\par
wore black eyeshadow.\par
She paused mid-sentence. \ldblquote Are you okay?\rdblquote\par
I hated her concern. I hated that I came across as some stupid girl who\par
could make exquisite clothing but never grace someone\rquote s arm.\par
I don\rquote t want to be here anymore.\par
I needed fresh air. I needed silence.\par
Him.\par
The silent masculinity of Jethro Hawk suddenly called to me like a\par
cooling balm after a burning fire. He might scare me, but he had a body to\par
touch and a mind to explore. Motives or not\emdash he wanted me for the\par
evening. And I was feeling reckless.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m fine. Excuse me.\rdblquote  Bunching my skirts, I dodged groups of\par
people, heading for the exit. My phone buzzed as I reached the door.\par
Kite : Don\rquote t call me that. You lost the right to call me anything the\par
moment you changed from tempting to annoying. I\rquote m not a cheater or\par
commitment phobic. And it\rquote s not hard for me to deny a meeting with you,\par
because I already have women to fuck. I already have enough physical\par
connections and stupid girls making demands of me. You just broke\par
something that wasn\rquote t broken. Congratu-fucking-lations.\par
My nostrils flared. I broke it? There was nothing to break! This whole\par
thing had been a mistake. Unknowingly he\rquote d taken advantage of some loser\par
gasping for friendship. I was done being that girl.\par
I was done living life in black and white.\par
I wanted colour. I wanted passion. And there was only one man who\par
could give me what I wanted tonight. I would use him and throw him away\par
\emdash just like Kite did to me.\par
Kite : If you didn\rquote t know\emdash that was me cutting you loose. You\rquote re\par
acting like a brat. Go and get laid. That\rquote s what I\rquote m about to do. You want to\par
know things about me? How about this? The woman I meant to text when I\par
mistakenly messaged you is coming over for her long overdue reward. Don\rquote t\par
message me again. The jerking off to your timid replies has bored me.\par
Whoops, I just lost your number....\par
My teeth gritted. My heart thundered. Pain was swamped by livid rage.\par
How dare he break up with me? How dare he hurt me! How dare I let\par
myself be hurt by a fucking arsehole who I\rquote d never met?\par
I didn\rquote t care. I don\rquote t care.\par
But I did care.\par
I\rquote m so stupid!\par
Stopping in the entrance way, my hands shook, jiggling my glowing\par
screen. People mingled around, skirting the huge puddle of black material\par
from my dress. I stood surrounded, yet I was all alone.\par
Tears pricked my eyes, but I swallowed them back. It was my own\par
stupid fault. I\rquote m so stupid. Stupid...\par
I sent my final message. \par
Needle&Thread: When you end up alone and unloved, I hope you\par
remember this moment. You aren\rquote t breaking up with me. I\rquote m breaking up\par
with you. Thank God I\rquote m not a nun so I can curse the very ground you walk\par
upon. You don\rquote t want to meet me? Fine. You just got your wish. I\rquote m done.\par
(hope you wank so much your dick falls off)\par
Whirling around, I faced the doorway\emdash the same doorway leading to a\par
man who was scary and cold and silent but he was real. He had fingers to\par
touch me with and a mouth to kiss. Who cared who he was? I could be\par
stupid and use him for my own release.\par
Tonight I wouldn\rquote t be draining a treadmill of life. Tonight I would be\par
riding a man who terrified me in some recess of my soul. Tonight I would\par
be selfish and wicked and cruel.\par
Tonight...I would be Jethro\rquote s\f0\par
Jethro.\lang9\par
I SAT ON my newest purchase, resting like a mechanical shadow by the\par
curb. It didn\rquote t glint or gleam. It didn\rquote t entice or welcome. It waited in black\par
silence ready to charge into the night.\par
Give her options. Don\rquote t make her suspect. Threaten only when\par
necessary. Above all, take her without causing attention.\par
The rules my father told me the morning I left to fly to Milan, repeated\par
in my head. I was obeying. Even though it was fucking hard. I struggled to\par
balance my true nature with that of a polite gentleman, coaxing a skittish\par
woman out for dinner.\par
As if I would be interested in a girl like her. Meek. Skinny. Beyond\par
fucking sheltered it was insane.\par
Grabbing the throttle of my bike, I waged with ignoring my father\rquote s\par
rules and stalking into the venue and stealing Nila Weaver in front of\par
everyone. She could scream, shout\f1\emdash it wouldn\rquote t make a difference. But that\par
wasn\rquote t allowed.\par
The other option was I could just fuck off and kidnap her from her hotel\par
room.\par
She has to come willingly.\par
My father\rquote s voice again. Kidnapping was the last resort.\par
I growled under my breath.\par
I\rquote d let her go, not because of some decency, or concern of what would\par
happen to her family\rquote s happiness, or even the upcoming pain in her future.\par
No, I let her go, because I was my father\rquote s son and followed a plan.\par
I was a hunter. Skilled with both bow and arrow and gun.\par
The chase was the best part. And knowing I had the power to snuff out\par
Nila Weaver\rquote s life the moment I caught her gave me a certain...thrill.\par
That was the only reason I restrained myself and followed the rules.\par
I had no secrets of why I would stain my hands with her blood. I had no\par
misplaced vendettas or agendas. Everything that would come to pass was\par
for one simple and undisputable fact.\par
There was a debt to be paid. And I was the method of extraction. Plain\par
and simple.\par
I\rquote m a Hawk. She\rquote s a Weaver.\par
That was all I needed to know.\par
In the library a week ago, while sipping on a ten thousand pound bottle\par
of cognac, my father proceeded to tell me a little of our history. He told me\par
gruesome things. Dastardly things. Tears shed. Blood spilled. He told me\par
what happened to Nila\rquote s mother.\par
He also told me why every firstborn Weaver girl had a stain upon her\par
life. I understood it. I accepted it. I was given the task to uphold my\par
family\rquote s honour. And I fully intended to extract payment as meticulously\par
and as painfully as possible.\par
Because it was my task.\par
It wasn\rquote t often I was given the opportunity to make my bastard of a\par
father proud. I didn\rquote t intend to let him down.\par
Even though I wouldn\rquote t enjoy it.\par
Nila Weaver would be my greatest trophy.\par
Oh, yes. I would enjoy ruining her. I liked playing with the inner\par
mechanics of people. I liked to break them smoothly, gently, ruthlessly. I\par
liked to think I transformed creatures from their present to their potential.\par
Pity once Nila was transformed she wouldn\rquote t be allowed to enjoy her\par
evolution. She would be dead. That was the final toll. That was her future.\par
To kill something so na\f0\'efvely pretty...\par
It made me angry to think of such delicate perfection snuffed out. But\par
there was no point thinking of the end when the chase had just begun.\par
\ldblquote Nice bike.\rdblquote\par
My head snapped up, eyes locking onto my prey. The same prey who\rquote d\par
run yet returned.\par
She\rquote d returned? I was right before. She truly is stupid.\par
Nila drifted forward, threading and unthreading her fingers. I didn\rquote t\par
move or utter a sound. She responded to my silence\f1\emdash like everything. I\rquote d\par
learned that cursing and yelling could be frightening\emdash but silence...it was\par
the empty void where enemies\rquote  fears polluted. Stay quiet long enough and\par
horror would be struck with one whisper instead of a multitude of\par
profanities.\par
She waved at my bike, her eyes wider than before...darker than before.\par
Deciding to grant her a reply, I said, \ldblquote It\rquote s my version of accessorising.\rdblquote\par
The sleek Harley-Davidson was a new purchase.\par
Stroking the throttle, I tilted my head. Her dusky skin had colour. Her\par
pronounced cheekbones were flushed, trailing residual temper down her\par
neck. Something had happened. Something had upset her.\par
Did she find her father, only for him to disown her and send her back to\par
me?\par
I frowned. Could Archibald Weaver truly send his only daughter not\par
once, but twice, to her death? He knew what awaited her. He knew what\par
would happen if he didn\rquote t give her up. But was family honour that strong?\par
Or was there more to this debt than I\rquote d been told?\par
Either way, it was time to go. Time to begin her nightmare.\par
\ldblquote You returned.\rdblquote\par
She nodded. \ldblquote I returned. I want something from you. And I\rquote m not going\par
to be shy about asking.\rdblquote\par
A flicker of surprise caught me unaware. She came across shy and\par
timid, but there lurked steel in her voice. Little did she know what I wanted\par
from her in return.\par
\ldblquote Fair enough. I have something to discuss with you.\rdblquote\par
Don\rquote t make her suspect.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
Your future. Your death.\par
\ldblquote Nothing important, but we need to go.\rdblquote\par
Time to begin. The time is nigh to pay your debts.\par
Nila came closer, shedding the tameness, and embracing courage. I\par
would\rquote ve been intrigued if I didn\rquote t already know everything about her. \par
Such a silly girl. A silly toy.\par
Whatever she wanted from me, I\rquote d oblige. After all, she\rquote d been given to\par
me to do as I pleased.\par
And everyone knows you don\rquote t give a pet to a killer.\f0\par
\lang1033 Nila.\par
\ldblquote GET ON.\rdblquote\par
I blinked. \ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
Jethro didn\rquote t move. He didn\rquote t look condescending or annoyed or\par
anything other than cold and collected. Nothing seemed to interest him. I\par
thought I could use him for sex? He didn\rquote t look like he knew what a smile\par
was, let alone passion.\par
His legs bunched beneath the dark charcoal of his trousers, steadying\par
the heavy motorcycle between them. \ldblquote I said, get on. We\rquote re leaving.\rdblquote\par
I laughed. What a ludicrous suggestion. Waving down my front, I hoped\par
he wasn\rquote t blind, because no one could ignore the kilograms worth of black\par
diamantes or acres of material I wore. \ldblquote I struggled to get here in a\par
limousine. There\rquote s no way I can perch on the back of a stupid motorcycle.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s lips quirked. \ldblquote Come closer. I\rquote ll fix that.\rdblquote\par
My heart jumped; I clutched my phone tighter. No response from Kite.\par
Which is a good thing. I just had to keep telling myself that. I never wanted\par
to hear from him again. \ldblquote Fix it how?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come here and I\rquote ll show you.\rdblquote  His eyes drifted down the front of my\par
dress.\par
I\rquote d been around powerful, attractive men all my life. Both my father and\par
brother were well known for being eligible bachelors, but they lacked\par
something that Jethro held in abundance.\par
Mystery.\par
Everything about him spoke of trickery and wile. He\rquote d barely spoken,\par
yet I felt his requests. For some stupid reason, it felt as if he\rquote d trained me\par
with his silence to be alert, ready, eager to please.\par
I hated his effortless power. \par
Backing away, I shook my head. \ldblquote I won\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
A small smile graced his lips, golden eyes flashing. \ldblquote That wasn\rquote t very\par
polite. I gave you a request, kindly delivered, respectfully even.\rdblquote  His\par
fingers tightened around the handle bars. \ldblquote Should I ask again, or will you\par
rethink your reply?\rdblquote\par
A trickle of fear blustered down my neck. I knew that glint in his eye.\par
Vaughn would get it when we were younger. It meant destruction. It meant\par
getting their own way. It meant a world of pain if I didn\rquote t obey. And for\par
some reason, I didn\rquote t think a wedgie and being tickled until I couldn\rquote t\par
breathe counted as pain in Jethro\rquote s dimension.\par
Clutching the bodice that\rquote d taken me weeks to hand-sew, I took another\par
step backward. \ldblquote I\rquote m not being impolite; I\rquote m stating the obvious. If you\par
wish to leave, we need a different method of transportation.\rdblquote  Speaking so\par
formally sounded odd after screaming via text message to Kite. \ldblquote And\par
besides, I don\rquote t want to leave yet. I promised myself I\rquote d ask you something,\par
and I\rquote m not going anywhere until I do.\rdblquote\par
God, Nila. What are you doing?\par
Nerves attacked my stomach, but I kept my stance. I wouldn\rquote t back\par
down. Not this time.\par
Jethro shook his head, displacing his longish salt-and-pepper hair. His\par
smooth face remained expressionless with patience, but it didn\rquote t relieve\f1\emdash it\par
terrified. With precision born of wealth and confidence, he kicked the stand\par
down and placed the bike into a resting position. Swinging his leg over the\par
machine, he climbed the curb and hunted.\par
No. Don\rquote t let him touch you.\par
I stumbled backward, a slight edge of dizziness catching me off guard.\par
Jethro caught me, placing his large, cold hands on my waist.\par
I froze, breathing shallowly. Shoving away the moment of wobbliness, I\par
fixated on his strong jaw and glinting diamond pin.\par
The temperature of his touch seeped through the ruffles on my hips,\par
bringing with it fear manifesting like icicles over an innocent dawn.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with you?\rdblquote  Jethro jerked me closer, peering into my\par
eyes. The first sign of animation lurked in their golden depths. It wasn\rquote t\par
concern though, merely annoyance. \ldblquote Are you ill?\rdblquote  Annoyance turned to\par
carefully hidden anger.\par
I swallowed hard, hating my condition all over again. To him, I would\par
come across as weak. He wouldn\rquote t understand the strength it took to live a\par
normal life while shackled to an improperly balanced form. If anything, it\par
made me stronger.\par
\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not ill. Not that you\rquote re worried for my health.\rdblquote  Twitching in\par
his hold, I searched for a way free. But his touch only tightened. Blowing a\par
blue-black strand from my eye, I added, \ldblquote It\rquote s not contagious. I suffer from\par
vertigo. That\rquote s all. Google it.\rdblquote\par
That\rquote s all. I scrape my knees if I get out of bed too fast and faint if I\par
swivel my head too quick, but that\rquote s all.\par
Jethro scowled. \ldblquote Perhaps you shouldn\rquote t wear such heavy clothing.\rdblquote  He\par
plucked the dense material and delicate stitching on my waist. \ldblquote It\rquote s a\par
hindrance and delaying my night\rquote s activities.\rdblquote\par
My eyes flared. Night\rquote s activities?\par
Perhaps he had the same conclusion of where we\rquote d end up? Captive in\par
his strong hands, I stared up. I wasn\rquote t short for a woman, but Jethro had at\par
least half a foot on me. He didn\rquote t move, only watched as if I were an\par
interesting specimen he couldn\rquote t decide to enjoy or throw away.\par
My breathing grew shallow the longer he held me. Dropping my gaze to\par
his lips, it didn\rquote t help my anxiety at having them so close. It\rquote s now or never.\par
I knew nothing about him. He scared me. But he was a man. I was a\par
woman. And once, just once, I wanted pleasure.\par
\ldblquote I want something from you,\rdblquote  I murmured.\par
He stilled. \ldblquote What exactly makes you think you\rquote re in a position to ask\par
something of me?\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote I\rquote m not asking.\rdblquote\par
A moment thickened between us. His nostrils twitched. \ldblquote Go on...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Take me for a drink. I want to get to know you.\rdblquote\par
Not quite what I wanted to ask, but I couldn\rquote t be so bold.\par
He laughed once. \ldblquote Believe me, Ms. Weaver, I\rquote ll save you from a\par
mundane conversation. The most you\rquote ll ever know about me is my name.\par
Everything else...let\rquote s just say, ignorance is bliss.\rdblquote\par
His aftershave of woods and leather came over me again. The chilliness\par
in his gaze warned not to push, but I couldn\rquote t help myself. Not after the way\par
Kite treated me.\par
\ldblquote Bliss...that\rquote s a word I don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote\par
Jethro cocked his head, the trace of annoyance coming again. \ldblquote What\par
exactly are you trying to do?\rdblquote\par
A rush of wobbliness hit me. I looked over my shoulder at the caf\f0\'e9\par
across the street. \ldblquote Have a nightcap with me. Over there.\rdblquote  I motioned with\par
my head. I didn\rquote t care in the least I wore a huge gown or that the coffee\par
shop was empty. The couch in the window looked comfy, and I wasn\rquote t\par
ready to have this small freedom destroyed.\par
He looked to the small venue, a flicker of confusion filling his eyes.\par
\ldblquote You\f1\emdash\rdblquote  Cutting himself off, he straightened and let me go. \ldblquote Fine. If that\rquote s\par
all you want, I see no reason why I can\rquote t prolong our true agenda for thirty\par
minutes.\rdblquote  Capturing my elbow, he half-dragged, half-marched me across\par
the street.\par
My heart sank at the lack of romance and anticipation. I\rquote d hoped he\rquote d\par
relax a little\emdash knowing I was interested\emdash and drop the chilly fa\f0\'e7ade.\par
What if it\rquote s not a fa\'e7ade? His demeanour was steadfast and engrained. I\par
doubted he\rquote d ever been carefree or impulsive.\par
The propulsion was fast, too fast for someone like me with the balance\par
of a damn butterfly, but his hold was firm and granted a certain safety.\par
Striding over the curb, Jethro yanked open the glass door, scowling at\par
the bell jingling above. A young Italian girl looked up, smiling in welcome.\par
The rich aroma of coffee and warmth instantly stole the stress from my\par
blood from Kite, the show, and Jethro\rquote s company.\par
\ldblquote Sit.\rdblquote  Jethro let me go, pointing toward the faded yellow settee with\par
purple and orange throw cushions. \ldblquote And don\rquote t move.\rdblquote\par
I stood frozen. Jethro had no wish to be here, especially with me. What\par
the hell was going on? First my father pushed me on him, then Jethro barely\par
tolerated my company. Am I that repulsive?\par
\ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote  I said. \ldblquote Aren\rquote t you going to ask what I want?\rdblquote\par
Jethro raised an eyebrow. \ldblquote No. Want to know why?\rdblquote\par
I did. But I didn\rquote t want to play his ridiculous game. The night had\par
turned from promising to disastrous.\par
When I didn\rquote t reply, Jethro waved his hand. \ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter what you\par
prefer in beverages. You only get one request and you got it. I\rquote m here\par
against my plans; therefore, you\rquote ll drink what I give you.\rdblquote\par
My mouth parted, amazement stealing my ability to shout the\par
incomprehensible phrases jumbled inside. Seriously? Who was this man?\par
Jethro strode away, leaving me gawking at his powerful back dressed in\par
an immaculate, tailored suit. He completely ignored me while he ordered.\par
Not wanting to stand like a dismissed damsel, I moved to the couch and\par
sat in a cloud of midnight-galaxy material. The underwire and other tricks\par
to keep my dress buoyant argued against sitting, but my feet breathed a sigh\par
of gratefulness.\par
Jethro returned with two cups of coffee. Espresso. Tiny cups, no\par
biscotti, or anything to prolong something he obviously didn\rquote t want to do.\par
Placing the hot drink in front of me on the low table, he sipped his own,\par
glaring at me over the rim.\par
I broke eye contact, collecting the cup of black liquid. Truth be told, I\par
hated coffee. I\rquote d only suggested the caf\'e9 to delay whatever he\rquote d planned\par
that was so urgent.\par
Inhaling the strong caffeine, I pretended to sip while sneaking glimpses\par
at the mystery beside me. Did it matter he was an arrogant arse who didn\rquote t\par
know the difference between cruel and polite? He had a killer body,\par
distinguished good looks, and a presence that screamed domination in the\par
bedroom. I could choose worse for a night of guilt-free sex.\par
Sitting taller, I said, \ldblquote So...the thing I wanted to ask you...\rdblquote\par
What are you doing? He\rquote s not a nice person. And he\rquote s got the patience\par
of a Doberman.\par
Jethro clenched his jaw, swirling his coffee. \ldblquote I won\rquote t answer, do, or\par
respond to any more requests. Drink your coffee. We\rquote re running late.\rdblquote\par
I ignored that and tried to break the ice between us. \ldblquote You seem to know\par
my father. What obligations\f1\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No questions.\rdblquote  Jethro tossed his head back, swallowing the double shot\par
in one go. Licking his lips, he carefully placed his cup on the table, eyeing\par
my untouched one.\par
The unease of why my father had permitted me to go out with such an\par
insensitive bastard came back. I feared there was a lot I wasn\rquote t aware of.\par
Running a hand through his greying hair, Jethro suddenly shoved my\par
overflowing skirts off the couch and slid closer. So close his body heat\par
seared my naked arms, prickling me with intensity.\par
I gulped, curling my hands in my lap.\par
Jethro bristled. \ldblquote Whatever you think you\rquote re doing, it won\rquote t work. I will\par
neither make small talk nor enter into meaningful conversation. You request\par
to visit a coffee shop, yet don\rquote t touch what I bought you.\rdblquote  He sighed,\par
tension tightening his eyes. \ldblquote I\rquote m done playing silly games. Tell me what I\par
need to do to make you come without making a fuss, and I\rquote ll do it.\rdblquote\par
My heart stopped. Anxiety roared back into existence. Why had I\par
thought I could seduce this man? I had no hope, especially when he was\par
obviously pissed off rather than intrigued. Linking my fingers together, I\par
said quietly, \ldblquote Why would I make a fuss? Where exactly do you want to take\par
me?\rdblquote\par
Please say a hotel and admit your attitude is all an act. Please say my\par
brother hired you to play the horrible arsehole only to sweep me off my feet\par
in a night of escorted bliss.\par
I should\rquote ve known better than to wish for such things.\par
Jethro frowned. \ldblquote What did I just say? No questions.\rdblquote  Grabbing my\par
wrist, he tugged me closer, crushing my dress between us. \ldblquote I don\rquote t have\par
time for games. Tell me what you want.\rdblquote  His mouth was so close, his\par
brooding temper filling a bubble around us.\par
My eyes dropped to his lips. All I could picture was one kiss. One\par
beautifully gentle, romantic kiss that turned my insides molten and my\par
mind to stars.\par
I breathed shallowly, unable to raise my gaze to his.\par
He half-smiled. \ldblquote That\rquote s what you want?\rdblquote\par
I blinked, dispelling the haze of intoxication he\rquote d placed me under. \ldblquote I\par
didn\rquote t say anything.\rdblquote\par
Letting my wrist go, he trailed his fingertips up my arm. I shivered,\par
loving and hating his masterful touch. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t have to. I should\rquote ve\par
known this would happen.\rdblquote\par
My eyes flared. \ldblquote Known?\rdblquote  Embarrassment came swift and hot. Was I so\par
obvious? So needy?\par
\ldblquote No questions,\rdblquote  he snapped. Sighing heavily, he added, \ldblquote You forget\par
your life is rather public, Ms. Weaver. And I happen to know you\rquote re\par
not...experienced.\rdblquote  Cupping my chin, he ran the pad of his thumb over my\par
bottom lip.\par
I froze.\par
Jethro\rquote s face didn\rquote t soften or beguile, but his voice dropped to a\par
murmur. His masculine scent threaded around me transporting me from the\par
coffee shop and into his control. \ldblquote What is it you want? A kiss? A caress?\rdblquote\par
His voice echoed like a deep baritone until I felt his question in my bones.\par
Leaning closer, his mouth hovered over mine. He smelled decadently of\par
coffee. \ldblquote Do you ache for something? Do you lie in bed at night and crave a\par
man\rquote s touch?\rdblquote  His breath feathered over my lips, drugging me. \ldblquote How wet\par
do you get? Answer my questions, Ms. Weaver. Tell me how you pleasure\par
yourself while fantasising about a man fucking you.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t feel any part of my body apart from the firm hold he had on\par
my chin and the tingling of my lips. I couldn\rquote t think apart from the dark\par
visions he coaxed in my head of nakedness and fingers and stolen caresses.\par
\ldblquote Tell me. Convince me,\rdblquote  Jethro tormented, bringing his mouth closer.\par
Only a feather breadth away\emdash a phantom kiss, but it made every inch throb.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote Yes, I fantasise. Yes, I ache.\rdblquote  Wishing I could pull\par
away and hide my vulnerability, I added, \ldblquote That\rquote s what I wanted. From\par
you.\rdblquote\par
Everything you painted and more.\par
\ldblquote When you imagine a nameless male taking you, do you picture\par
champagne, massages, and soul-shattering sex?\rdblquote  His nose nudged mine.\par
I nodded, eyelids drooping, begging him to kiss me.\par
His head tilted, grazing the corner of my mouth with his. A tease. A\par
half-kiss. A promise. His mouth trailed to my ear. \ldblquote You na\f0\'efve little girl. If I\par
took you, you wouldn\rquote t be adored or worshipped. You\rquote d be used and\par
fucked. I have no patience for sweet.\rdblquote\par
I opened my eyes, fighting against the thick lust in my blood.\par
Jethro sneered. \ldblquote Pity you didn\rquote t say you fantasised about a man using\par
you, abusing you. Pity you didn\rquote t admit to darker desires such as bondage\par
and pain. Then perhaps I might\rquote ve granted your wish.\rdblquote  He trailed his lips\par
over my cheekbone. His touch was condescending rather than erotic. \ldblquote Now\par
tell me, Ms. Weaver. Knowing my certain appetites, are you still wet for\par
me? Is that what you\rquote re asking for? My tongue. My attention? My...\rdblquote  He\par
nuzzled away my hair, biting painfully on the shell of my ear. \ldblquote ...cock.\rdblquote\par
I wanted to deny the flutter in my heart and the intense heat billowing in\par
my core. I wanted to be outraged at his crudeness and blatant sexual thrill.\par
But I couldn\rquote t. Because despite never entertaining the idea of violence with\par
sex, I couldn\rquote t stop the undeniable allure.\par
Pulling back, Jethro whispered, \ldblquote Don\rquote t turn timid on me. Say it. Say\par
what you want.\rdblquote\par
I was no longer human; I was liquid. Hot, pliable liquid just waiting for\par
some force to reshape me. Everything he\rquote d said flared a need inside until a\par
fever broke across my brow.\par
Dropping my eyes, I whispered, \ldblquote I want...I want...\rdblquote\par
Jethro tightened his fingers on my jaw. \ldblquote Say it.\rdblquote  His eyes flashed and\par
the misconception that he didn\rquote t know passion dissolved. He knew it. He\par
wielded it. He hid it beneath layers and layers of mystery I would never\par
hope to unravel.\par
Taking a shaky breath, cursing the damn corset, I said, \ldblquote I want your\par
mouth.\rdblquote\par
He nodded. \ldblquote Fine. But I\rquote ll have yours first.\rdblquote  His thumb stroked my lips\par
again, breaking the seal of my red lipstick, and penetrating my mouth.\par
I froze, eyes wide and locked on his. \ldblquote Where do you want it?\rdblquote  His voice\par
dropped to a barely murmured curse\f1\emdash impossible to ignore, deadly to my\par
ears and body.\par
He didn\rquote t care about the waitress or that anyone on the darkened street\par
could see us. He just pinned me with unswerving golden eyes and hooked\par
his thumb against my tongue.\par
I couldn\rquote t speak. His large palm held me immobile while his finger\par
rendered me silent. I didn\rquote t know what to do. Should I suck? Bite? Do\par
nothing?\par
Jethro smiled, it wasn\rquote t his usual icy edge, but it wasn\rquote t soft either.\par
\ldblquote Follow your instincts. You want to suck, so suck.\rdblquote  He forced his thumb\par
deeper into my mouth, eyes darkening.\par
He so easily placed me into a position of submission, but I\rquote d never felt\par
so powerful. Closing my lips, I sucked. Once.\par
His jaw clenched, but nothing more.\par
I did it again, licking his finger with an eager tongue. My mouth filled\par
with liquid, tasting him. Wanting him. Every suck sent a wave of insatiable\par
need to my core, making me wet.\par
Jethro\rquote s shoulders tensed. \ldblquote See? You didn\rquote t need to tell me what you\par
wanted. Your body does that for you. You\rquote ve surprised me, and that isn\rquote t an\par
easy thing to do.\rdblquote  My dress rustled as he wrapped an arm around my waist,\par
dragging me against his hard body.\par
I went willingly, trapped in so many ways. My mind was consumed\par
with only him. There was peace in that moment. Lust yes, feverishness\par
definitely, but also serenity at the complete attention he demanded. I didn\rquote t\par
have to think of my family, my company, my endless work schedule.\par
I was nothing but flesh and blood and bone.\par
I was need personified, and only Jethro could put out the fire he\rquote d\par
cajoled.\par
His lips brushed against my ear again. I tensed for the bite of teeth.\par
\ldblquote Know what else your body tells me?\rdblquote\par
I shook my head, swirling my tongue around his thumb. My core\par
clenched; my mind blanked.\par
\ldblquote You need something. You want something that you\rquote re not ready to\par
understand.\rdblquote  Jethro placed a delicate kiss against my jaw. \ldblquote You need it so\par
bad you\rquote d allow me to run my hand up your knee, between your legs, and\par
sink my fingers deep inside you this very second. You\rquote d open your innocent\par
thighs, even with witnesses, and moan as I sank my cock deeper than\par
anyone.\rdblquote\par
A bubble formed in my chest, twisting and glistening with a mixture of\par
denial and agreement.\par
His thumb pressed hard, pinning my tongue below.\par
I jerked, eyes tearing wide.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d let me drag you into some sleazy alley, tear off your dress,\par
and...\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t want to hear the rest. But I did. Oh, how I did. He\rquote d taken the\par
power of speech away. I couldn\rquote t deny anything he said. And I didn\rquote t want\par
to. For the first time in my life, I had something real. Cheap and shallow,\par
just like Kite, but hot-blooded and absolute.\par
I would willingly trade my flawless reputation for one night of sordid\par
incredibleness. What does that make me?\par
I flinched, answering my own question. Lonely. I hated that word more\par
than any other in the dictionary.\par
Jethro\rquote s thumb slinked slowly from my mouth, holding me firm. \ldblquote You\rquote d\par
let me make you scream, Ms. Weaver, and because of that willingness, I\par
would never bow to what you want.\rdblquote\par
The heat generated from the intense conversation dispersed, faster and\par
faster. He curled his lips. \ldblquote Whatever would your father say if he knew his\par
daughter secretly wanted to be fucked against an alley wall by a stranger?\rdblquote\par
The crudeness of his words slammed me back to reality.\par
He dropped his hand, and plucked a napkin from the table. Imprisoning\par
my gaze, he slowly wiped his glistening thumb, before tossing the tissue\par
into his empty coffee cup. \ldblquote I dare you to deny any of that. Or pretend you\par
didn\rquote t want every inch of me.\rdblquote  He smirked at the double entendre.\par
The flush of mortification crested over my breasts to my cheeks. My\par
tongue bruised from his rough handling, my mouth empty from tasting him.\par
I couldn\rquote t sit there and be ridiculed any longer.\par
This was karma, and it stung like hell.\par
Grabbing the mountains of fabric wedged around me, I tried to stand\emdash\par
unsuccessfully. \ldblquote I\rquote m leaving. I can\rquote t\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If you can\rquote t speak the truth, I don\rquote t want to hear your other excuses or\par
reasons on why you suddenly need to run. You\rquote re not permitted to leave my\par
side, so be a good girl and fucking listen and obey.\rdblquote  His voice whipped me,\par
but his body remained immaculate and collected. The two dynamics of\par
temper and poise pierced my stupid haze, slamming me back into fear.\par
Who was this man?\par
And why didn\rquote t I run the moment I set eyes upon him? Something\par
wasn\rquote t right. Something was building, rushing toward a conclusion I wanted\par
no part in.\par
Jethro stood upright, jerking me to my feet. \ldblquote I take by your silence\par
you\rquote ve made a sensible decision and acquiesced. I\rquote m also assuming that\par
this\emdash whatever this was\emdash is over?\rdblquote  His fingers bit into my bicep, shaking\par
me. \ldblquote Stop acting the fool and realize what is happening.\rdblquote\par
Anger replaced my embarrassment. It was like Kite all over again, only\par
worse, because this was real and I had nowhere to hide. \ldblquote I have no idea\par
what\rquote s happening, and I\rquote m not going anywhere with you. You\rquote ve proved\par
that you find me gullible, stupid, and unworthy of your precious time, so\par
leave. I\rquote m not keeping you here.\rdblquote  Twisting my elbow, I tried to get free. \ldblquote I\par
don\rquote t want to do this anymore.\rdblquote\par
Jethro smiled coldly. \ldblquote Ah, there\rquote s the conundrum, Ms. Weaver. You\rquote re\par
not keeping me. But I\rquote m keeping you.\rdblquote\par
I stopped with my hand over his, unsuccessfully trying to pry his fingers\par
off my arm. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote  The dreaded drunkenness of vertigo took that moment\par
to tilt my world.\par
Jethro took my weakness as an opportunity, pulling me toward the door.\par
He didn\rquote t give me any support other than the harsh hold on my upper arm,\par
leaving my untouched coffee on the table. \ldblquote I\rquote m leaving. And you\rquote re coming\par
with me.\rdblquote\par
The door jangled as we exited in a flurry of bustle and feathers. I gasped\par
as a frosty gust cut through the warmth lingering on my skin, decimating all\par
remainders of the caf\f0\'e9.\par
Slamming my heels into the pavement, I snarled, \ldblquote You seem to have the\par
wrong information. I\rquote m not going anywhere with you.\rdblquote\par
Jethro didn\rquote t reply, dragging me effortlessly across the road to the\par
shadowy entrance of an alley and his bike.\par
An alley?\par
He couldn\rquote t mean what he\rquote d threatened...could he?\par
You want me to make you scream.\par
I fought harder. But no matter how much I struggled, he didn\rquote t break his\par
stride or look back.\par
Tripping forward, I winced as my flesh bruised beneath his hold. I\par
angled my nails, preparing to drag them over his forearm, but he stepped\par
onto the curb and yanked me forward. The inertia propelled me into a spin,\par
slamming me painfully against his motorcycle.\par
My black hair whirled over my shoulder, sticking to the fear perspiring\par
on my chest. I struggled to keep up\f1\emdash to believe how stupid I\rquote d been. I\par
prided myself on being smart, but I\rquote d allowed the temptation of sex to cloud\par
my judgement.\par
Jethro glowered; his suit as crisp as his unflappable control. \ldblquote My\par
information is perfectly correct. And you are going somewhere with me.\par
Climb on.\rdblquote\par
I tore my elbow from his hold and shoved his chest. \ldblquote Wrong. Let me\par
go.\rdblquote\par
He growled under his breath. \ldblquote Stop, before you get hurt.\rdblquote\par
I pushed him again, focusing on the ridiculousness of my night, rather\par
than the rapidly expanding terror in my heart. \ldblquote I told you. I came in a limo;\par
there is no way I can travel on a two-wheeled death machine.\rdblquote\par
Jethro rolled his shoulders, maintaining his cool. \ldblquote I gave you one rule\emdash\par
never ask questions. I\rquote m giving you another\emdash don\rquote t ever argue with me.\rdblquote\par
My heart raced. Glancing around, I searched for late night stragglers,\par
party goers, moon-light walkers\emdash anyone who could intervene and save me.\par
The roads were empty. No one. Not even a scurrying rodent.\par
\ldblquote Please, I don\rquote t know what game you\rquote re playing\emdash\rdblquote\par
He shook his head, exasperation in his eyes. \ldblquote Game? This isn\rquote t a\par
fucking game.\rdblquote  Glaring at my dress, he encroached on my space. Pressing\par
his lips together briefly, he muttered, \ldblquote I hope you\rquote re wearing something\par
beneath this.\rdblquote\par
My lungs stuck together. \ldblquote What? Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because you\rquote re going to be indecent if you\rquote re not.\rdblquote  With a savage jerk,\par
he tore the endless seams, stitching, and hard work of my dress. The rip\par
sounded like a scream to my ears. Horror swarmed as the outer layer\par
fluttered to the ground, followed by organza, feathers, and beadwork.\par
My jaw hung open. \ldblquote No\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro spun me around, his hands skating over my lower back. \ldblquote You\rquote re\par
like a damn pass the parcel.\rdblquote  With strong fingers, he tore the second layer\par
of heavy ebony silk.\par
The sound of shredding broke my heart. All that work! My father would\par
be pissed to see his expensive material littering the dirty pavement. My\par
blood existed in the needlepoint from pricking my fingers. My tears soaked\par
the train from overworking. He couldn\rquote t do this!\par
I couldn\rquote t speak\emdash struck mute by shock.\par
\ldblquote Good God, another?\rdblquote  Jethro spun me back to face him. I swished in the\par
remaining starchy petticoats\emdash the tool beneath the dress that granted such\par
volume.\par
I can\rquote t do this anymore.\par
I plastered my hands down my front, seizing the remainder of my gown.\par
\ldblquote No, pleas\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro ignored me. With one last brutal tug, he tore the petticoat off,\par
disposing it on top of the already ruined layers.\par
Tears glassed my eyes. \ldblquote Oh, my God. What did you do?\rdblquote  The cool\par
Milan air swirled around my naked legs, disappearing up the thigh-length\par
satin skirt I wore to prevent chafing from the petticoat underwire. My entire\par
ensemble\emdash destroyed. I\rquote d been the only female in a household of men. I\rquote d\par
spent an entire lifetime covering up my girlish body with lace and\par
camisoles and tulle. Femininity was something I created rather than lived.\par
To see it demolished on a filthy sidewalk enraged me to the point of\par
tyranny.\par
Gone were my tears. I embraced furiousness. \ldblquote How could you?!\rdblquote\par
Shoving him away, I fell to my knees, trying to gather the rhinestones\par
and swatches of handmade lace. \ldblquote You\emdash you ruined it!\rdblquote  All around scattered\par
couture fashion. Diamantes glittered on bland concrete. Feathers twitched,\par
dancing away on the breeze.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll ruin a lot more before I\rquote m through.\rdblquote  Jethro\rquote s barely uttered words\par
existed, then...didn\rquote t, snatched by a gust of wind.\par
I glared up at the man I\rquote d stupidly returned for\emdash all because a stranger\par
hurt my feelings. A man I\rquote d allowed to manipulate me and make me\par
heinously wet in a coffee shop. \ldblquote Does it make you feel better? Destroying\par
other\rquote s things? Don\rquote t you care that you just ruined something that took\par
hours upon hours to create? What sort of cruel\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stop.\rdblquote  He held up a finger, scolding me like a little child. \ldblquote Rule\par
number three. I don\rquote t like raised voices. So shut up and stand.\rdblquote\par
We glared; silence was a heavy entity between us.\par
He was right. I was so, so stupid. He\rquote d successfully hurt me more than\par
anyone since my mother left. His callousness gave no room for hope or\par
tears. And I knew it all along. I\rquote d seen his coldness. I\rquote d felt his hardened\par
will. Yet it didn\rquote t stop me from being an utter fool.\par
Grabbing a puddle of cloth, I yelled, \ldblquote Leave me alone!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Goddammit, you\rquote re testing me.\rdblquote  He ducked suddenly, grabbing my\par
bicep and hauling me to my feet. He shook me\emdash hard. My corset dug into\par
my hipbones now that it had no bustle or layers to rest upon.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t get to ask any more questions. You don\rquote t get to yell or act\par
ridiculous. This is happening. This is your future. Nothing you say or do\par
will change that\emdash it will only change the level of pain you receive.\rdblquote  He\par
shoved me backward against his bike. \ldblquote Your dress is conveniently no longer\par
an issue. Get on. We\rquote re leaving.\rdblquote\par
Fury exploded through my heart, thankfully keeping my terror at bay.\par
Don\rquote t think about his threat. Focus on making him yell. Loudness. I\par
needed commotion to garner attention and safety.\par
\ldblquote You just ruined my showpiece. That dress was already sold to a highend boutique in Berlin! You think I want to go anywhere with you after you\par
ruined over two months\rquote  worth of work? You\rquote re insane. I\rquote ll tell you how\par
this is going to go\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ms. Weaver, shut the fuck up. I\rquote m done with this charade.\rdblquote  His face\par
remained impassive, but the muscles beneath his suit bristled. Moving\par
horribly fast, he tugged my long, unfettered hair, crowding me against his\par
bike. Wincing against the pain in my scalp, I tripped, splaying over the\par
leather seat.\par
Looking around quickly, he relaxed when he noticed we were still\par
alone. \ldblquote If you knew me, you\rquote d know how I react to incorrect statements\par
about my mental health. If you were smart, you would know never to raise\par
your voice and to maintain proper conduct in public.\rdblquote\par
He bowed his head, brushing his nose threateningly against my ear.\par
\ldblquote But seeing as you don\rquote t know me, I\rquote ll withhold the punishment\emdash for now.\par
But a word of warning, Ms. Weaver. Just because I don\rquote t lower myself to\par
the unattractive use of volume, doesn\rquote t mean I\rquote m not pissed. I\rquote m very\par
fucking pissed. I gave you an order, and you\rquote ve disobeyed numerous times\par
already. This is the last time I\rquote ll ask politely.\rdblquote\par
Pulling away, he grabbed my middle and with strength that terrified,\par
plucked me from the ground and plonked me on the back of his bike, side-\par
saddle.\par
Giving a mock salute, Jethro said, \ldblquote Thank you for obliging me. I\rquote m so\par
glad you decided to climb aboard.\rdblquote  With a scowl, he noticed my high heels.\par
Dropping to one knee, he tore them off my feet, throwing them over his\par
shoulder. They disappeared in the clouds of decimated fabric behind him.\par
I truly was Cinderella, only my prince threw away the glass slipper and\par
stole me away before midnight struck. My prince was evil. My prince was\par
the villain.\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
Run. Kick him. Do not let him take you.\par
All manner of horrible situations ran wild in my head. I\rquote d been brought\par
up in a safe neighbourhood, instilled with common-sense and morals. Yet\par
nothing had prepared me to fight for my life against a lunatic who came\par
across as sane.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t do this. I don\rquote t want to go with you.\rdblquote  I tried to jump off, but\par
Jethro\rquote s sleek bulk prevented me from moving. He loomed upright like a\par
terrible sentence\emdash a judgement of my past and present. \ldblquote You have no\par
choice. You\rquote re coming with me. Your wishes have no relevance.\rdblquote\par
Stabbing him in the chest with my fingertip, I shouted, \ldblquote My wishes are\par
completely relevant. You can\rquote t take me against my will. That\rquote s called\par
kidnapping.\rdblquote  My body flushed with hot anger. \ldblquote Let. Me. Go. Before I\par
scream.\rdblquote\par
Vaughn. Shit, I wanted my brother. The amount of times he protected\par
me growing up from bees, and badgers, and boys who picked on me at\par
school.\par
Vaughn!\par
Jethro shook his head. \ldblquote It\rquote s too late. For any of that. And don\rquote t scream. I\par
don\rquote t do well with screamers.\rdblquote  He chuckled mirthlessly. \ldblquote Unless I\rquote m the\par
reason for said scream and we\rquote re in private.\rdblquote\par
I ignored the \lquote scream topic\rquote  and focused on the horrible ultimatum. Too\par
late? What\rquote s too late? I wasn\rquote t on some countdown where my life ended as I\par
knew it. I didn\rquote t agree to any of this!\par
I didn\rquote t, but maybe father did.\par
The thought stopped me like a knitting needle to the heart. He\rquote d\par
introduced me to Jethro\emdash over any other man. He\rquote d encouraged me to go\par
with him\emdash against my brother\rquote s wishes.\par
Jethro might\rquote ve been able to hoodwink my father, but I saw his true\par
colours, and I wasn\rquote t going to tolerate it any longer. This fiasco had gone on\par
long enough.\par
I opened my mouth to scream. My lungs expanded with a plea. \ldblquote Help\par
\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro lashed out, slapping a cool palm over my lips. The first sign of\par
uncontrollable emotion blazed in his eyes. He sighed heavily, shaking his\par
head. \ldblquote I\rquote d hoped you\rquote d be more intelligent than that.\rdblquote\par
I slapped him.\par
The sharp ringing of flesh against flesh froze time. I didn\rquote t move or\par
breathe or blink. Neither did Jethro.\par
We stared at each other until all I knew was gold from his eyes. The air\par
dropped from autumn to blustery winter the longer we glowered, freezing\par
over with his temper. It could\rquote ve been a second or ten, but it was Jethro who\par
broke the brittleness between us.\par
His cold fingers trailed from my mouth to my throat. Wrapping tight.\par
Unforgiving. The action showed the truth\emdash the inhuman truth. This man\par
was fastidiously groomed and softly spoken, but beneath it all raged a devil\par
in disguise. His touch told endless information of the man he tried to hide.\par
He was the ultimate in camouflage.\par
He was iron-fisted and remorseless.\par
Tilting my neck with bruising fingers, he murmured, \ldblquote Obey and I won\rquote t\par
hurt you. Fight me and I\rquote ll make you scream.\rdblquote\par
Every muscle in my body jolted. The decimation of my dress no longer\par
mattered. All I cared about was running as far and as fast as I could. Tears\par
bubbled in my chest; I bit my lip to stop the rapidly building sob from\par
escaping.\par
Jethro never let go of my throat. \ldblquote I\rquote m not here to kidnap you. I\rquote m not\par
here to knock you out or drug you. Call me old-fashioned, but I\rquote d hoped\par
you\rquote d come willingly and prevent both of us an inconvenience.\rdblquote  Stroking\par
my hair with his free hand, he cupped the back of my skull. \ldblquote You\rquote re\par
probably wondering why I said you have no choice but to come with me.\par
Because I\rquote m a fair man and believe in equality\emdash even between hunter and\par
prey\emdash I\rquote ll tell you.\rdblquote\par
His breath was the only warm thing about him, scalding my skin with\par
words I didn\rquote t want to hear. \ldblquote I\rquote m here to extract a debt. The reason for that\par
debt will be revealed when I\rquote m good and ready. The method of payment for\par
that debt is entirely up to you.\rdblquote\par
My brain swam, trying to understand. \ldblquote What\emdash\rdblquote\par
His fingers tightened, cutting off my air supply. Choking, the instinct to\par
fight overrode my frozen terror. I squirmed, scratching my nails over his\par
wrists.\par
My nails didn\rquote t affect him\emdash if anything, it made him calmer. Tutting\par
under his breath, he said, \ldblquote The first thing you should know about me is I\par
never forget. If you draw blood trying to get free, I\rquote ll only repay in kind. It\rquote s\par
worth remembering, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
His gaze fell to my clawing fingers, tightening his own until I fought\par
against what I truly wanted and let them slide from his wrists.\par
\ldblquote Good girl,\rdblquote  he murmured. Pulling back, he unwound his digits one at a\par
time from my throat. Meticulous in slowness. Terrifying in control.\par
I only repay in kind. His voice echoed in my head. I balled my hands in\par
my lap, hoping I wouldn\rquote t lash out or do anything he might deem repayable.\par
I wanted to hurt him so much I trembled. I wanted him bleeding on the\par
pavement so I could run.\par
Standing tall, Jethro glared, waiting to see what I would do.\par
I was half his size\emdash and without witnesses, I was helpless. I\rquote d never\par
taken self-defence or thought I\rquote d be in a situation that required it. The\par
treadmill trimmed my figure, but didn\rquote t give me muscle to fight.\par
What could I do but obey? I didn\rquote t move. I couldn\rquote t. Even my vertigo\par
didn\rquote t dare make me queasy when I was trapped in his savage golden eyes.\par
A moment ticked past before he nodded curtly. \ldblquote I\rquote m glad you\rquote re acting\par
with more decorum. To ensure that behaviour, I\rquote ll share one piece of\par
information about the debt with you.\rdblquote  He ran a finger along his bottom lip.\par
\ldblquote You are the only one who can repay. You must come of your own free will.\par
You are the sacrifice.\rdblquote\par
I swallowed, flinching at the bruising around my larynx. His level voice\par
lulled me into thinking I had a chance at escape. Keep him talking. Get him\par
to care. \ldblquote Sacrifice?\rdblquote  I instantly hated the word.\par
His eyes narrowed. \ldblquote A sacrifice is something you do or give up for the\par
greater good. All of this could stop...you have the power.\rdblquote\par
It could? The promise of freedom hung in the night-sky, taunting me.\par
I shifted on the seat, shivering from the cold. \ldblquote If I have the power, why\par
do I feel as if you\rquote re laughing behind my back?\rdblquote  Steeling myself, I snapped,\par
\ldblquote Whatever you might think of me, I can read between the lines of what\par
you\rquote re not saying. What are the consequences if I don\rquote t go with you?\rdblquote\par
I felt ridiculous talking of debts and consequences. None of this made\par
sense, but a horrible sensation slithered up my back. A memory that I\rquote d\par
buried...from a long time ago.\par
\ldblquote You have no choice, Arch. I can\rquote t explain it, but you, me, no one can\par
stop this. My only regret is meeting you.\rdblquote\par
My father huffed, whirling around in the drawing room of our eight\par
bedroom manor. \ldblquote Your only regret? What about V and Nila? What should I\par
tell them? What should I say when they ask why their mother abandoned\par
them?\rdblquote\par
My mother, with her glossy ebony hair and dusky skin, stood tall and\par
fearless, but from my hidden spot by the stairs I knew the truth. She wasn\rquote t\par
fearless\emdash far from it. She was petrified. \ldblquote You tell them I loved them but I\par
should never have given them life. Especially Nila. Hide her, Arch. Don\rquote t let\par
them know. Change your name. Run. Don\rquote t let the debt get her, too.\rdblquote\par
The memory had ended abruptly thanks to Vaughn throwing a soccer\par
ball at my head and shattering the final moments my parents had together.\par
That had been the last time I ever saw her.\par
I rubbed my palm against my chest, cursing the tightness around my\par
heart. Confusion weighed heavily, equally as pressing as despair.\par
Jethro smiled. \ldblquote I\rquote m glad you\rquote re being more reasonable. That is one\par
question I will answer. The consequences of not coming with me are\par
Vaughn and Archibald Weaver, amongst other things.\rdblquote\par
My whole world flipped upside down\emdash and this time it wasn\rquote t vertigo.\par
\ldblquote Your life for theirs.\rdblquote  He shrugged. \ldblquote Simple really. But don\rquote t worry\par
about the details. There\rquote s the fine print and endless history lessons to\par
explain.\rdblquote\par
My heart stopped. My life for theirs? He has to be joking. I didn\rquote t know\par
if I should be screaming in terror or laughing with amazement. This\par
couldn\rquote t be real. It had to be a farce.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t be serious. You expect me to believe you?\rdblquote\par
Jethro lost his ice, sliding straight into arctic winter. \ldblquote You think I care if\par
you don\rquote t believe me? Do you think all of this is bullshit and you can\par
somehow argue with me?\rdblquote\par
My heart jack-knifed. He was so sure. So resolute. No hint of worry that\par
his scam might be revealed.\par
It isn\rquote t a joke.\par
Jethro lowered his voice. \ldblquote I\rquote ll let you in on another secret about me. I\par
never do things by half. I never take chances. And I never hunt alone.\rdblquote\par
Leaning closer, he finished, \ldblquote Ever since I set eyes on you, your family has\par
been watched. They\rquote re being judged. And if you so much as sneeze wrong,\par
that judgement will turn into something a lot more invasive. Do you\par
understand?\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t reply. All I could picture was Vaughn and my father being\par
exterminated like vermin.\par
\ldblquote Say another word and I\rquote ll end them, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  With a glacial glare,\par
Jethro grabbed the handle bars and swung his leg over the black powdercoated machine. Every inch was black. No chrome or colour anywhere.\par
Shit, what do I do? I had to run. Run!\par
But I couldn\rquote t. Not now he\rquote d threatened my family. Not now my brain\par
had unlocked a memory adding weight to Jethro\rquote s lunatic suggestions. Not\par
now I believed.\par
A debt.\par
I didn\rquote t know what it was. It could\rquote ve been code for something I didn\rquote t\par
understand or literal and requiring payback. But one thing I knew, I couldn\rquote t\par
risk not obeying.\par
I loved my family. I adored my brother. I wouldn\rquote t chance their lives.\par
I jumped as the ignition growled to life, tearing through the silence, and\par
somehow granting me strength in its ferocity. Kicking the stand away,\par
Jethro took the weight of the bike.\par
He didn\rquote t wear a helmet or offer me one. I expected him to turn around\par
and deliver more information or demands, but all he did was reach behind,\par
steal my arm, and place it around his hips. The moment my hand rested on\par
him, he let me go, unknowingly giving me a safe harbour but with an\par
anchor I already despised.\par
I looked longingly at the building where my brother and father mingled\par
with fashionistas and the only world I knew. I silently begged them to come\par
running out and laugh at my stunned, fear-filled face yelling \lquote we fooled\par
you.\rquote\par
But nothing. The doors remained closed. Answers hidden. Future\par
unknown.\par
I\rquote m alone.\par
I\rquote m being stolen for a debt only I can repay. A debt I know nothing\par
about.\par
I was idiotic to wish for more than what I had.\par
Now, I had nothing.\par
With a twist of his wrist, Jethro fed gas to his mechanical beast and we\par
shot forward into darkness.\par
\par
The Milan airport welcomed me back.\par
It felt like an eternity since I flew in, though in reality it\rquote d only been\par
two days. My skin was icy, and despite my repellent dislike for Jethro, I\par
hadn\rquote t been able to stop huddling against him while he broke speed limits\par
and took corners at hyper-speed on his death machine. My tiny skirt and\par
sleeveless corset weren\rquote t meant for gallivanting around Milan so late.\par
Pulling into a short term parking bay, he killed the engine and kicked\par
down the stand. I immediately sat back, unwinding my arms from around\par
his waist.\par
The fear remained in my heart, growing thicker with every beat. I\par
couldn\rquote t look at the so-called gentleman without swallowing a cocktail of\par
murderous rage and teary terror.\par
His profile showed a man with a five o\rquote  clock shadow, windswept thick\par
hair, and an edge that catapulted him from sexy to dangerous. He stood out\par
from a crowd. He drew need and desire effortlessly. But there was nothing\par
tame or kind or normal. He reeked of manipulation and control.\par
He\rquote s an iceberg.\par
The car park wasn\rquote t empty, but it wasn\rquote t rush hour either. Despite the\par
clunking echo of a couple dragging suitcases toward the terminal, the night\par
was quiet.\par
Jethro climbed off the bike. Once standing, he rolled his neck, rubbing\par
the cord of muscle with a strong hand. His eyes latched onto mine. They\par
looked darker, more autumn leaf than precious metal, but still as cold.\par
I glowered back, hoping my hatred was visible.\par
His face remained closed off\emdash not rising to the challenge of a staring\par
war. Holding out his palm, he waited. The way he watched spoke volumes.\par
He didn\rquote t wonder if I\rquote d take his hand. He knew. He believed in himself so\par
damn much everything other than his wish was dismissed as ludicrous.\par
Too bad for him, I didn\rquote t do well with the silent treatment. V had trained\par
that out of me. Having a boisterous twin armed me with certain skills. And\par
ignoring moody males was one of them.\par
Swatting his hand, I pushed off from the black leather and landed on\par
bare feet. The brisk concrete bit into my soles. Wrapping my arms around\par
my shivering torso, I muttered, \ldblquote As if I\rquote d accept your help. After everything\par
you\rquote ve done so far.\rdblquote\par
Dropping his arm, he chuckled. \ldblquote So far?\rdblquote  He leaned closer. \ldblquote I\rquote ve done\par
nothing. Not yet. Wait until you\rquote re in my domain and behind closed doors.\par
Then you might have something worthy of being melodramatic about.\rdblquote\par
My skills at coping with the future rested on being able to ignore his\par
threats and focus on the now. Standing tall, I said, \ldblquote I could ask something\par
stupid like why are we at the airport, but I can guess why. However, you\par
failed to think about my schedule\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Schedules change.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t travel alone, Mr. Hawk. I had tickets booked for my brother,\par
assistant, and wardrobe organiser. Not to mention the excess luggage.\par
They\rquote ll be expecting me. Hell, my assistant will be expecting me back at\par
the hotel tonight. All of this\emdash it\rquote s a waste of time. It\rquote s a waste because the\par
police will be told and if you think my father won\rquote t come for me, you\rquote re\par
mistaken.\rdblquote\par
Even as I said it doubt crept over my soul. Tex Weaver shoved me into\par
this nightmare. Why did I think he\rquote d come and bring me home?\par
Jethro crossed his arms, lips in a tight smile as if I were amusing and\par
not pointing out valid facts. \ldblquote There were a multitude of mistakes in that\par
paragraph, but I\rquote ll focus only on the relevant points.\rdblquote  Tilting his head, he\par
continued, \ldblquote Your father is fully aware of everything. Your loyalty to the\par
man who gave you away with no fight is misplaced. His hands are tied and\par
he damn well knows it. As for the police, they have no relevance in your\par
future. Forget about them, your family, hope. It\rquote s over.\rdblquote\par
His voice dropped to a growl. \ldblquote Do you know why it\rquote s over? It\rquote s over\par
because your life is over. There\rquote s so much you don\rquote t know, and so much I\par
can\rquote t wait to tell you.\rdblquote\par
He shed his icy exterior, grabbing my hair and jerking my head back.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll learn about your peerage. Your rotten family tree. And you\rquote ll pay.\par
So shut up, give up, and appreciate my kindness thus far because I\rquote m\par
running low on decency, Ms. Weaver, and you won\rquote t like me when I hit my\par
limit.\rdblquote\par
My shivers evolved to full blown tremors. \ldblquote I don\rquote t like you now, let\par
alone in the future. Let me go.\rdblquote\par
He surprised me by stepping away, releasing me. My scalp smarted, but\par
I refused to rub my head.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re testing me. But lucky for you, I know how to deal with\par
troublesome pets.\rdblquote\par
Pets?\par
My hands balled.\par
How did I ever think I wanted him? The fact his lips had been on my\par
face and his thumb in my mouth repulsed me.\par
Jethro\rquote s gaze drifted down my state of undress. \ldblquote You\rquote re shaking. I don\rquote t\par
want you getting sick.\rdblquote  His eyebrow quirked. \ldblquote I\rquote d offer you my jacket, like\par
the chivalrous man I am, but I doubt you\rquote d accept it. However, I have\par
something better.\rdblquote\par
Spinning around, he drifted toward a deep shadow cast by one of the\par
large pillars. \ldblquote Flaw? Get out here. You damn well better be\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m here.\rdblquote  A man appeared from the shadows. Dressed in black jeans,\par
shirt, and black leather jacket, the only glint of colour came from a simple\par
silver outline of a diamond engraved on the front pocket. He looked like a\par
thief waiting for a victim. \ldblquote Been here for forty-five minutes. You\rquote re late.\rdblquote\par
He tossed Jethro a duffel, running a hand through long dark hair. \ldblquote Lucky for\par
you the flight\rquote s delayed.\rdblquote\par
Jethro caught the bag, glaring at the man. \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget your place. I\rquote m\par
not late according to my rules\emdash not yours.\rdblquote  Manhandling the duffel, he\par
said, \ldblquote You did as I asked?\rdblquote\par
The man nodded. \ldblquote Everything. Including photographic evidence. It all\par
went smoothly, and the tickets are inside. I\rquote ll take care of the bike, just\par
leave it there. Cushion and Fracture are tracking the Weaver men until you\par
tell them otherwise.\rdblquote\par
Jethro pulled out an envelope, then flicked through the contents. He\par
looked up, something resembling a smile gracing his lips. \ldblquote Good work. I\rquote ll\par
see you back at Hawksridge.\rdblquote\par
My ears pricked at the name. It sounded familiar\emdash reeking of old\par
money.\par
He\rquote s from nobility? The concept of Jethro being a duke or an earl was\par
preposterous, and yet...uncannily perfect. Everything about him was\par
deceptive and...bored. Was that all this was? A game to pass the time for\par
some rich brat who got sick of killing puppies?\par
I couldn\rquote t stop my teeth from chattering\emdash both from disgust and cold.\par
The man named Flaw glanced my way. His eyes narrowed. \ldblquote He\rquote s expecting\par
you and the woman. I\rquote ll message and let him know it\rquote s gone well.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t,\rdblquote  Jethro snapped. His English accent thickened with the demand.\par
\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t need to know. He\rquote ll see us soon enough.\rdblquote  Dismissing the man\par
as if he was the hired help and no longer required, Jethro stalked toward\par
me, holding out the bag.\par
Flaw dissolved back into the shadows like a scary apparition.\par
\ldblquote This is yours. Get dressed. You won\rquote t be allowed in the building halfnaked and shoeless.\rdblquote\par
Taking the duffel, I muttered under my breath, \ldblquote I was dressed in an\par
outfit worth thousands of pounds before you tore it off me.\rdblquote\par
I had two wishes\emdash one, that he\rquote d heard me and knew just how pissed I\par
was. And two, that he didn\rquote t hear, because I was afraid of his reaction.\par
Jethro smirked before turning to his bike.\par
I opened the bag and promptly dropped it.\par
Oh, my God. I had to be dreaming. Wake up, Nila. Please, wake up.\par
My knees buckled, following the bag to the floor. Shaking, I collected\par
the photos sitting on top of a mound of clothes. My clothes. Everything I\rquote d\par
brought to Milan\emdash minus the fashion show apparel and my work tools\emdash\par
running gear, a bikini, sweat pants, pyjamas, and a simple collection of\par
blouses, jeans, and maxi dresses.\par
But on top of it all rested strewn photographs.\par
Photo-shopped images that never happened.\par
Doctored snap-shots of lies. Such horrible, horrible lies.\par
No one will come.\par
Jethro was right. The police would laugh if anyone asked for their help.\par
What I held cemented my new life being Jethro\rquote s plaything.\par
Shuffling through the deck, I couldn\rquote t stop a hot tear searing down my\par
cheek.\par
There was me\emdash smiling, glowing. I remembered the day. V and I had\par
headed to Paris for a local mid-season show a few years ago. He\rquote d beaten\par
me at poker in a silly pub tournament and a patron snapped an image of us.\par
Laughing, overly warm, arms wrapped around each other in sibling\par
affection, we\rquote d been so happy.\par
Only Vaughn didn\rquote t exist in this photo. The background had been\par
amended to show a fancy restaurant while the man who clutched me was\par
Jethro.\par
The smile on his face was the warmest I\rquote d seen. His attire of open-neck\par
black shirt and jeans made him look young, in love, and dashing.\par
I couldn\rquote t study it anymore. Flicking to another one, I slapped a hand\par
over my mouth.\par
This one pictured my father and me. Or had. He\rquote d splashed out for the\par
annual staff retreat, and we\rquote d gone on a one week cruise around the\par
Mediterranean. We\rquote d stood with the setting sun dancing on the orange\par
tinted waves, dressed in loose fitting \lquote cruise wear\rquote  that I\rquote d created only\par
days before. I\rquote d planted an adoring daughterly kiss on his scratchy face.\par
That kiss now belonged to Jethro.\par
The ship had been tweaked to show a luxury yacht rather than\par
commercial liner. The sunset cast a different glow. Jethro stood broodily,\par
staring into the camera with such an intense glare of sexual power, no one\par
would disagree that there was chemistry and need between us. The way my\par
body curved into his, the sweetness and trust I displayed, only helped\par
confirm the illusion of a couple besotted with each other.\par
The photos wobbled in my hands; another tear stained the glossy\par
deception.\par
I looked up, not caring my heart was ripped out and beating coldly on\par
the car park floor. \ldblquote How\emdash\rdblquote  Gritting my teeth, I tried again. \ldblquote Destroying\par
my dress wasn\rquote t enough? You had to steal my past, too?\rdblquote  I held up a\par
photograph of a half-naked Jethro holding my chin as he kissed me. That\par
wasn\rquote t based on my dateless life, but it was so lifelike, so true, so\par
incontestable.\par
How did they make it so realistic?\par
Jethro shook his head, rolling his eyes. Locking the bike, he pocketed\par
the keys before turning to face me. Dropping to his haunches, he whispered,\par
\ldblquote I not only stole your past. I\rquote ve already stolen your future.\rdblquote  Never breaking\par
eye contact, he tapped the photographs in my hands. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t see them\par
all. Flick to the back. They\rquote re especially for you.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t unglue my lungs. I didn\rquote t think I\rquote d ever be able to breathe\par
without pain again. Splitting the tower of pictures, I glanced at the last ones.\par
Immediately, I looked up. All sense of decency and pride gone.\par
\ldblquote Please, you can\rquote t. This\emdash it will break their hearts.\rdblquote\par
Tears scalded the back of my throat. My eyes burned, glancing down\par
again. This one showed my empty hotel room\emdash exactly as I left it with last\par
minute ribbon and feathers littering the bed before rushing to the show\emdash but\par
now my toiletries from my nightstand, my laptop, and belongs were gone.\par
Including my carry on and suitcase.\par
The room was abandoned. It looked as if I\rquote d packed up and left my\par
dreams, livelihood, and family without so much as a backward glance.\par
This would break my brother and father\rquote s heart, because it was the exact\par
same way of how my mother, Emma Weaver, left us.\par
But unlike my mother, there was a simple note placed upon the dresser.\par
\ldblquote Turn it over. I took the liberty of asking for a close-up, so you can read\par
what you wrote as your final goodbye,\rdblquote  Jethro murmured, stealing the\par
photo from my fingers and tapping the fresh one revealed beneath it.\par
I curled over my knees, cradling the glossy replica of a goodbye letter\par
penned in my hand. The writing was exactly like mine, even I couldn\rquote t tell\par
the forged sweeps and cursive from reality.\par
It\rquote s time I came clean.\par
I\rquote ve been lying to you for a while now.\par
I\rquote ve fallen in love and decided that my life is better with him. I\rquote m done\par
with the deadlines and unachievable pressure placed on me by this family.\par
I know what I\rquote m doing.\par
Don\rquote t try and find me.\par
Nila.\par
I looked up. My heart collided with my ribcage, bruising, hurting. So\par
much pain. I couldn\rquote t contain the sorrow when I thought of V reading this.\par
To be left behind by both his mother and sister....\par
\ldblquote They won\rquote t believe this. They know me better than anyone. They\par
know I wasn\rquote t in a relationship. You said Tex knows all about you and why\par
you\rquote re doing this. Please\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro laughed. \ldblquote It\rquote s not for your family, Ms. Weaver. It\rquote s for the press.\par
It\rquote s for the world stage who will make this fiction a reality. Your brother\par
will find out the truth from your father, I\rquote m sure. And if they behave, they\rquote ll\par
both remain untouched. Believe me, this isn\rquote t to hurt them\emdash if I wanted\par
that, I have much better means.\rdblquote  He cupped my cheek, brushing away long\par
strands of my hair. \ldblquote No. This was just an insurance policy.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote For what?\rdblquote  I breathed.\par
\ldblquote So no one believes your family when they break and try to find you.\par
They\rquote ll be all alone. Just like you. Controlled by the Hawks who\rquote ve owned\par
the Weavers for almost six hundred years.\rdblquote\par
Six hundred years?\par
\ldblquote But...\rdblquote\par
Jethro sniffed, his temper building like a ghost around us. \ldblquote Stop crying.\par
The images portray the truth. It proves you did what you did and no one can\par
be angry or distrustful.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What did I do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, Ms. Weaver, don\rquote t let shock steal your intelligence. You. Left.\par
Voluntarily.\rdblquote  He waved at the photo. \ldblquote This confirms it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  I whimpered. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t leave\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro tensed. \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget so soon what I taught you. You are the\par
sacrifice and you...\rdblquote  His eyes dared me to finish his sentence, to admit to\par
everything I\rquote d done by protecting my family. His fingers twitched between\par
his legs, looking like he wanted to strike.\par
I\rquote d never been good at confrontation\emdash not that my father yelled often or\par
Vaughn and I argued. I\rquote d grown up with no need to fight. I knew how\par
precious my family was. My mother left, proving just how heartless\par
someone could be if they didn\rquote t hold onto love. So I\rquote d held on with both\par
hands, feet, every part of me. Only to have it torn away so easily.\par
You\rquote d rather they lived and never saw them again than die because of\par
you.\par
Hanging my head, I murmured, \ldblquote A sacrifice comes of their own free\par
will. Therefore, I left voluntarily.\rdblquote\par
Jethro nodded, patting my thigh like the pet he thought I was. Covering\par
the photos with his large hand, he pressed down until my elbows gave out\par
and I lowered them. \ldblquote Good girl. Keep behaving and the next part won\rquote t be\par
too hard to bear.\rdblquote\par
Another rush of tears suffocated me, but I swallowed them back. He\rquote d\par
told me to stop crying. So I would.\par
Jethro stood, reaching down to scoop up the awful photos and duffel\par
bag of belongings. \ldblquote Come. We have to go.\rdblquote  He didn\rquote t offer me his hand to\par
climb to my feet.\par
The simple act of raising myself from cold concrete to freezing air taxed\par
my already fractured world. Rolling vertigo pitched my balance, sending\par
me reeling backward. My arms shot out, searching for something to grab\par
hold of.\par
With drunken eyes, I begged Jethro to catch me, but he just stood there.\par
Silent. Exasperated. He let me trip and fall.\par
I cried out as I collapsed on the ground. My fingernails dug into the\par
rough flooring, holding on while the parking garage danced around like a\par
nightmarish carrousel. Pain radiated from my hipbone, but it was nothing\par
compared to the overwhelming nausea.\par
Stress.\par
It wouldn\rquote t be Jethro who ended up killing me, but the inability to deal\par
with a gauntlet of emotions.\par
Closing my eyes, I repeated Vaughn\rquote s silly nursery rhyme. Find an\par
anchor. Hold on tight. Do this and you\rquote ll be alright.\par
\ldblquote Get up, goddammit. Stop acting the victim.\rdblquote  A pinching hand grabbed\par
under my arm, jerking me to my feet.\par
I doubled over, holding my stomach as another wave of sickness\par
threatened to evict the only food I\rquote d had today\emdash a luncheon prior to the\par
rehearsal of the runway show.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re useless.\rdblquote\par
When the debilitating wave left, I glared up. \ldblquote I\rquote m not useless. I can\rquote t\par
control it.\rdblquote  Breathing hard, I begged, \ldblquote Please, let me talk to my brother. Let\par
me tell him\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tell him what? That you\rquote re being taken against your will?\rdblquote  Jethro\par
chuckled. \ldblquote By the look on your face you seem to think I\rquote ll forbid you\par
having any outside communication\emdash cut you off from everything you hold\par
dear.\rdblquote  Letting me go, he scooped my heavy hair from my neck, giving me a\par
reprieve from the sticky heat of not feeling well. \ldblquote Contrary to what you\par
think, I have no desire to dictate what you can and can\rquote t do.\rdblquote\par
Twisting my hair, tugging lightly, he added, \ldblquote This may surprise you,\par
seeing as you have such a low opinion of me, but you can go online, keep\par
your mobile\emdash even continue to work if you wish. I told you before\emdash this is\par
not a kidnapping. It\rquote s a debt. And until you understand the full\par
complications of the debt, I suggest you keep what\rquote s happening to\par
yourself.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t understand. I was being stolen, yet was allowed access to\par
avenues that could bring me safety. It didn\rquote t make sense.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve made a decision to come with me, and it\rquote s irreversible. You\par
can\rquote t change your mind, and you can\rquote t change the payments required, so\par
why make others worry on your behalf?\rdblquote  His eyes glinted. \ldblquote I suggest you\par
become good at pretending if you wish to maintain the pretence of freedom.\par
But I won\rquote t stop you from creating extra worry and strain for yourself.\rdblquote\par
Bowing over me, he smiled. \ldblquote It only makes my job easier.\rdblquote\par
Grabbing the black rope he\rquote d made from my hair, I stepped away from\par
him. \ldblquote You\rquote re insane.\rdblquote\par
He gave me a sideways look, rummaging in the duffel to grab a handful\par
of clothes. Closing the distance between us, he shoved the balled items into\par
my stomach.\par
Oxygen exploded from my lungs from the force.\par
Jethro pulsed with anger. \ldblquote That\rquote s twice you\rquote ve questioned my mental\par
state, Ms. Weaver. Do. Not. Do. It. Again.\rdblquote  Running a hand through his\par
hair, he growled, \ldblquote Now get dressed. Time to go home.\rdblquote\f0\par
Jethro.\lang9\par
I COULDN\rquote T DO it.\par
It was like looking after a needy, sickly, disobedient child. Bryan Hawk,\par
my father and orchestrator of this mess, assured me it would be a simple\par
matter of a few threats and blackmail.\par
She\rquote ll come easy if you threaten the ones she loves.\par
Bullshit.\par
The so-called inexperienced dressmaker had her own agenda. Beneath\par
the chaste little girl, lurked a devious woman who was so tangled and\par
confused she was fucking dangerous.\par
Dangerous because she was unpredictable. Unpredictable because she\par
didn\rquote t know herself.\par
I was clueless on how to control her. I didn\rquote t understand her.\par
For instance, what the fuck happened at the coffee shop? She\rquote d\par
gravitated toward me. She\rquote d licked my thumb like she imagined it was my\par
dick. She\rquote d surprised me. And I didn\rquote t do well with surprises.\par
My structured world\f1\emdash my rules and agendas\emdash were not something that\par
had room for twists and turns. Unless I was the one creating them. And I\par
definitely didn\rquote t have time for my cock to twitch and show an interest in the\par
woman I meant to torture and defile.\par
I would get hard when she was alone on my estate. I would come with\par
her gagged and subdued, hating me with the intensity of her forefathers.\par
Her pain was my reward. The fact she got me hard by being shy but so\par
bloody tempting was completely unpermitted.\par
I checked my watch. The plane was due to leave in thirty minutes. Do it.\par
You know you want to.\par
I couldn\rquote t stomach her presence any longer. I couldn\rquote t answer any more\par
of her idiotic questions, or pretend I wasn\rquote t raging to teach her a lesson. Her\par
tripping and stumbling got on my nerves. Not to mention her blind love\par
toward a family that no longer had any right to her.\par
She needed discipline, and she needed it now. Your hands are bound\par
until you get her home.\par
If I had to listen to one more beg or witness another tear, I\rquote d end up\par
killing her just to shut up her loud emotions.\par
Nila craned her neck, trying to read the boarding passes in my hands.\par
Flaw, my right hand man and secretary to the Black Diamonds brotherhood,\par
had already checked us in. Along with dealing with shipping my new\par
purchase, the Harley-Davidson, and staging the runaway scene at Nila\rquote s\par
hotel.\par
In precisely six hours, a housekeeper would find the photos, notes, and\par
abandoned items, then the gossip columns would spread the story like a\par
well incubated disease.\par
Nila Weaver\rquote s found love.\par
Nila dispels rumours she\rquote s in love with her twin by running off with\par
some unknown English aristocrat.\par
My lips quirked at that. Me? An aristocrat?\par
If only they knew my upbringing. My history. If only Nila\rquote s father had\par
spent the years he\rquote d had with her preparing her for this day\emdash informing her\par
of our shared heritage, then perhaps she wouldn\rquote t look so fucking ill.\par
I\rquote d told her the truth. Vaughn and Archibald Weaver were under strict\par
monitoring. If they obeyed and went along with the ruse of Nila leaving for\par
love, all would be harmonious.\par
If they didn\rquote t\emdash well, the Weaver line would be snuffed out with the aid\par
of a silenced pistol. And we didn\rquote t want that. After all, if there were no\par
more Weavers, who would the Hawks rein over? Who would continue to\par
pay the debt?\par
I looked at the woman destined to die for the mistakes of her ancestors.\par
She caught my eye. \ldblquote Where are you taking me?\rdblquote  Her cheeks were\par
colourless even though she had to be warm with the amount of layers she\rquote d\par
put on.\par
\ldblquote I told you. Home.\rdblquote  The word scratched across her face like carving\par
knives. Home to me would be hell to her. I should\rquote ve been more\par
understanding\emdash I could practically hear her heart shatter\emdash but I\rquote d been born\par
into a family where emotion was a weakness. I prided myself on being\par
strong, unbreakable. Empathy was the downfall of any human.\par
The ability to feel their pain. The nuisance of living their trauma.\par
That inconvenient ability had been beaten out of me as a child. Lesson\par
after lesson until I embraced the cold.\par
The cold was emotionless. The cold was power.\par
Nila sniffed, striding a few steps away. Her curves were hidden in her\par
new wardrobe of dark purple dress that came to her ankles, and a denim\par
jacket. I hadn\rquote t permitted myself to truly look at her. She was skinny. Too\par
skinny. But her black hair was thick and begged to be fisted.\par
Watching her dress in the parking garage irritated me. Her unsureness\par
came across as coyness. Pulling the dress over her skirt was a reversed\par
striptease. Her shaking fingertips had turned the ice in my blood into a lust I\par
hadn\rquote t felt before.\par
It wouldn\rquote t take much to snap her petite frame. But despite her\par
breakable body, her eyes gave a different story.\par
She ran deep.\par
I didn\rquote t bother caring how deep.  But it did tempt in a way I hadn\rquote t\par
expected.\par
A girl like Nila...well, that wasn\rquote t something to be broken lightly.\par
Her complexities, subtleties, depths, and secrets.\par
Each layer begged to be unwrapped and enjoyed.\par
Only once she stood before me, stripped bare of sanity and dreams,\par
would she be ready.\par
Ready to pay her final debt. \par
Nila rubbed her cheek, displacing another silent tear. That single\par
fucking tear stopped everything, freezing over the unwanted feeling of\par
excitement at what my future held. Her sniffle gave me a layer of obligation\par
rather than anticipation.\par
I wasn\rquote t going to, but she\rquote s given me no choice. Fuck it.\par
Moving closer, my hands opened to throttle her\emdash to give her something\par
to truly cry about, but I restrained myself.\par
She looked up, eyes glassy.\par
I forced a smile\emdash a half-smile, letting her believe her tears affected me,\par
offering false humanity. I let her believe I had a soul and didn\rquote t punish her\par
for hoping. Hoping I was redeemable.\par
She bought it. Stupid girl. Allowing me to offer my arm as if it were\par
some sort of consolation and guide her from purgatory into hell.\f0\par
\lang1033 Nila.\par
THE AIRPORT BAR reeked of sad goodbyes and tears. Just like my soul.\par
I rolled my eyes. I didn\rquote t like the sort of person Jethro made me.\par
Someone who only saw the negative and was ruled by fear. I\rquote m an award\par
winning designer. I\rquote m wealthy in my own right.\par
The unknown future crushed my heart, but it was the thought of losing\par
myself while it happened that scared me the most.\par
\ldblquote I need a drink. I\rquote ll get you one, too,\rdblquote  Jethro muttered.\par
I spun to face him. Big mistake. I stumbled to the left, cursing the\par
suddenly tilting room. My vertigo wasn\rquote t normally this bad. An episode a\par
day was my norm, not every time I tried to move. \par
A cold hand grasped my elbow. \ldblquote That condition you have\f1\emdash it\rquote s really\par
getting on my nerves.\rdblquote\par
The floor steadied beneath my feet; I tore my arm from his hold. \ldblquote Leave\par
me alone then. Get on the plane and let me fall over in peace.\rdblquote\par
He shook his head, gold eyes darkening with impatience. \ldblquote I have a\par
much better idea.\rdblquote\par
I looked away, taking in the low square-line sofas, sad plastic plants,\par
and dirty carpeting. This can\rquote t be happening. Everything seemed surreal. I\par
was at the airport with a man who\rquote d threatened the lives of my brother and\par
father. I was about to climb on a plane with him. I was about to disappear.\par
And probably never be found.\par
It wasn\rquote t rational. It was completely nonsensical.\par
Suddenly, a drink sounded perfect. Alcohol and vertigo didn\rquote t mix, but\par
damned if I wanted to exist full of grief and horror.\par
Jethro motioned toward a booth by the window where large spotlights\par
turned the black sea of tarmac into false daylight, casting a warm glow on\par
sleeping jumbo jets ready to depart.\par
Not giving me a chance to say anything else, or to even relay my\par
preference, he stalked away, beelining for the bar.\par
Quick. Now.\par
The moment he had his back to me, I pulled my cell phone from my\par
jacket pocket. He said I could keep it. He said I could talk to anyone I\par
chose. He hadn\rquote t said when\emdash now or when we got to his \lquote home\rquote , but I\par
desperately needed Vaughn.\par
My eyes burned as I unlocked the screen. Hunching over the glowing\par
device, I did as my captor ordered and made my way to the booth.\par
Typing in the number I knew by heart and practically the only number I\par
ever called, I sucked in a breath.\par
A wall planted itself in my way.\par
A cold, unforgiving wall.\par
My head snapped up. Jethro crossed his arms, anger radiating from\par
every inch. \ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
I swallowed hard; my palms grew slippery with nervousness. \ldblquote You said\par
I could keep my phone. You said\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know what I said. I may not stop you, but you still need permission. I\par
am, after all, in control of your life from now on.\rdblquote  Peering into my eyes, he\par
added, \ldblquote Don\rquote t make a rash decision you can\rquote t undo, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  His\par
English accent clipped my name in an unfamiliar way. He spoke it as if it\par
were dirt. A filthy word contaminating his mouth.\par
My finger hovered over the call button for my twin. The one man who I\par
could say anything to and he would understand. Summoning what useless\par
power I had, I said, \ldblquote Please, may I make a phone call? I won\rquote t be stupid. I\par
know what\rquote s on the line.\rdblquote\par
Jethro tutted under his breath. \ldblquote That\rquote s the problem. You don\rquote t know.\par
You think you do. You think all of this is a joke. You\rquote re not grasping the\par
depth of what this means, nor will you until you\rquote ve been educated.\rdblquote\par
Taking a step, closing the distance between us, he breathed, \ldblquote But you do\par
know one thing. You know what I will tolerate. Lying to me is another\par
offence that comes with swift punishment. Stay honest, polite, and obedient\par
and your heart will remain beating.\rdblquote\par
I wanted to scream at him. His quiet voice was worse than being yelled\par
at. It was so...decent...so eloquent. It made all of this seem normal. And it\par
so wasn\rquote t. So not normal.\par
\ldblquote I understand. Do I have your permission?\rdblquote  My jaw ached I gritted so\par
hard, refraining from what I really wanted to say. If I wasn\rquote t so afraid of\par
this psycho I would hit him. I would leap onto his back and pummel him\par
until he bled. Just to see if he did bleed, because a part of me expected him\par
to be nothing but stone.\par
He frowned. \ldblquote Fine. But I\rquote ll remain in earshot for this first\par
conversation.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote No. I need privacy.\rdblquote\par
He smiled\emdash a thin ribbon of emotion. \ldblquote You need to realize privacy is a\par
luxury you\rquote ll no longer have. Everything you do from now on will be\par
monitored. Nothing will be hidden. Everything must be approved.\rdblquote\par
Everything? A horrible image of me begging to go to the bathroom only\par
to be refused filled my mind. Not only had he taken me for something I\par
didn\rquote t understand, he\rquote d stolen my basic rights as a human.\par
I truly am a pet.\par
Jethro\rquote s hand whipped out, stealing my phone.\par
No! Being separated from it made all of this far too real. The starkness\par
of my situation hammered at my soul.\par
Staring at the screen, he scrolled rudely through my contacts. My very\par
limited contacts. His eye twitched, handing the device back. \ldblquote You seem to\par
live in a world dominated by males. The only names in your preferred lists\par
are men, aside from a mysterious entry Kite .\rdblquote  He stiffened. \ldblquote Care to tell\par
me if that person is female? I somehow doubt it, seeing as it\rquote s clearly a\par
reference to the ridiculous James Bond Franchise.\rdblquote\par
Snatching the phone, I said, \ldblquote I don\rquote t care to tell you anything. Leave me\par
alone. I\rquote m calling my brother. I gave you my word I wouldn\rquote t jeopardise\par
whatever you\rquote re planning until I know the full story.\rdblquote\par
Jethro placed his hands into his pockets. His cream shirt and diamond\par
pin were the epitome of class. In an ordinary circumstance, I would\rquote ve been\par
honoured and thrilled to have a date with a man with deliciously thick\par
greying hair and a handsome face. I\rquote d always preferred men over boys.\par
But he had to ruin it.\par
He ruined everything.\par
Jethro didn't move. Just stood there. Silently.\par
There was no winning. He wouldn\rquote t raise his voice or strike me to get\par
his way\emdash not in public anyway\emdash but his posture intimidated me until I gave\par
in.\par
Staring at the awaiting number, I deliberated against calling V. What did\par
I hope to achieve? It would kill me to hear his voice. But what if it\rquote s a lie\par
and the moment he\rquote s got you where no one can see, he takes the only thing\par
you have left?\par
I couldn\rquote t risk it. Not if I could speak to V one last time.\par
Locking eyes with my gorgeously-groomed nemesis, I pressed the \lquote call\rquote\par
button and held the phone to my ear.\par
Being granted no privacy was horrid. My back stayed straight and all\par
feelings of weakness were buried beneath false strength.\par
Do not cry. Do. Not. Cry.\par
The call connected on the first ring.\par
Vaughn never kept me waiting, almost as if he sensed it was me calling\par
\emdash twin empathy connecting us once again.\par
Shit, what if he hears? What if he sensed my unhappiness? How would\par
I stop him from coming for me\emdash wherever I was going.\par
Vaughn\rquote s husky voice came down the line. \ldblquote Nila. Tell me where you\par
are. I\rquote m coming to get you. Tex is acting really strange, and I\rquote m done not\par
being able to get a straight answer.\rdblquote\par
I sighed, turning my back on Jethro, staring at the airplanes below. So\par
many things ran through my head. I wanted to ask how Dad was acting\par
strange. What all of this meant. But I kept it all bottled up. For him. For\par
them.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m fine, V. I\rquote m...\rdblquote\par
I need you. Come get me. Save me please.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t sound fine. Where are you?\rdblquote\par
In hell with a monster.\par
Looking around the bar, I shrugged. \ldblquote I\rquote m exactly where I need to be.\rdblquote\par
To keep you safe.\par
\ldblquote Stop with the bullshit, Threads. What\rquote s really going on?\rdblquote\par
Sighing hard, I pressed a palm against my feverish forehead. I sucked at\par
lying. Especially to V. \ldblquote Something\rquote s come up. I\rquote m going away for a little\par
while. A holiday where I can unwind. I should be able to contact you\emdash if\par
the Wi-Fi and phone lines are good.\rdblquote  I couldn\rquote t stop rambling. \ldblquote Tonight\par
really put a strain on me, you know? It came together so well, but it wasn\rquote t\par
easy\emdash you saw how bad it got toward the end. I just need\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What you need is a fucking spanking. You don\rquote t just leave without\par
talking this through!\rdblquote  Vaughn paused, a disbelieving huff coming down the\par
line. \ldblquote You can\rquote t be serious. We had plans. You said you\rquote d come with me\par
when I went to Bangkok next week for more merchandise. We\rquote ve booked\par
the flights and everything.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t want to be reminded of everything I was walking away from.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, but I can\rquote t go. You have to trust me and not push. Just accept\par
what I\rquote m telling you and that I need some alone time, okay? You\rquote ll be able\par
to contact me by phone and email.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is bullshit.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote V, please. Be supportive, like you always are.\rdblquote\par
Don\rquote t make this ten times harder to say goodbye.\par
\ldblquote Skype? I need to see you, Threads. Something doesn\rquote t feel right.\par
You\rquote re keeping things from me.\rdblquote\par
A firm fingertip prodded my shoulder. Jethro whispered, \ldblquote No Skype.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t know how he heard V and didn\rquote t want to ask why Skype wasn\rquote t\par
permitted. Why doesn\rquote t he want my family to see me? Because who knows\par
what you\rquote ll look like when he\rquote s finished.\par
The fear I\rquote d been able to keep leashed suddenly swamped me. I moved\par
forward, collapsing into an uncomfortable booth.\par
\ldblquote Threads. Threads?\rdblquote  Vaughn\rquote s voice echoed down the line.\par
\ldblquote Goddammit, Nila. What the fuck is going on?\rdblquote\par
Sighing, I rested my elbows on the table. The weight of aloneness and\par
depression settled heavily. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  I whispered.\par
The phone disappeared from my fingertips. \ldblquote Hello, Mr. Weaver. We met\par
earlier. Jethro Hawk.\rdblquote  Jethro glowered, making me wish the seat would\par
devour me.\par
A loud stream of curses came through the phone. Jethro pinched the\par
bridge of his nose. \ldblquote No, see that\rquote s where you\rquote re wrong. If you have an issue\par
with me enjoying your sister for a time, speak to your father. For now, Nila\par
is mine, and I won\rquote t have anyone saying differently.\rdblquote\par
He held the mobile away from his ear for a second while Vaughn\par
exploded. A furious shadow darkened his face.\par
Jethro gripped the phone, growling like a rabid wolf. \ldblquote That\rquote s none of\par
your concern. I\rquote m taking her. I\rquote ve already taken her. And there\rquote s nothing\par
you can do. Goodbye, Mr. Weaver. Don\rquote t make me regret my kind\par
generosity toward your sister so soon.\rdblquote\par
He hung up, tossing me the useless phone. \ldblquote If you want a piece of\par
advice on how to survive the coming months, don\rquote t talk to your brother\par
again unless you want to pay a serious price. He\rquote s detrimental to your\par
willingness to obey, and a fuckwit.\rdblquote\par
Tears welled. I didn\rquote t want to cry. Damned if I\rquote d shed anymore useless\par
liquid over this bastard.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t call him a\emdash\rdblquote  I stopped mid-sentence. There really wasn\rquote t any\par
point in arguing. He\rquote d win. Just like he\rquote d won up till now without a curse\par
uttered or shout yelled.\par
I\rquote m meek. He was controlling me with no ropes or chains or curses. I\par
was under his horrible spell, threatened by the illusion of him murdering the\par
people I held most dear.\par
My eyes flickered toward the exit behind him. Jethro followed my gaze.\par
He side-stepped, waving his arm toward the temptation of running. \ldblquote You\par
want to leave? Go. If you\rquote re so selfish to let others die for you, I\rquote m not\par
going to stop you. One phone call from me, Ms. Weaver, and it all ends for\par
them.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t move, deliberation a heavy cross on my shoulders. How could I\par
sit there and let him take control of my life? But how could I ever live with\par
myself if I ran?\par
He\rquote d kill my family and there\rquote d be nothing to run toward.\par
I hunched, deliberately looking away from the exit.\par
Jethro came closer, crowding me into the booth. \ldblquote Good choice. Now sit\par
there, don\rquote t move, and I\rquote ll get you something that\rquote ll make this easier.\rdblquote  He\par
turned away, but not before I heard his murmured, \ldblquote For me at least.\rdblquote\par
I waited until he stood at the bar, smiling at the barmaid, before I\par
opened a new message.\par
My hands shook, jiggling the phone, but I wouldn\rquote t stop. He might not\par
let me talk to people I love, but people I hated didn\rquote t matter. The one person\par
who drove me into this mess might be my only hope at surviving it.\par
If he forgave me.\par
Needle&Thread: Kite, I don\rquote t do this lightly, but my life has taken a\par
certain change and...well, I would like to be able to message you if it gets\par
too much. I\rquote m sorry I overstepped. I\rquote m not going to say any more\par
than...please. I need to be able to talk to you if I need to.\par
I pressed send, hating myself and how weak I sounded. He wouldn\rquote t\par
understand the strength and courage it\rquote d taken to write that or bow into the\par
meeker role. But I needed someone\emdash a friend. And the sad part of my life\par
was\emdash I had none.\par
Resting my phone on the table, I stared unseeingly out of the window.\par
Tears tried to take me hostage again, but I curled my hands, digging long\par
nails into my palms. The pain gave me a distraction, letting me stay\par
outwardly calm.\par
Jethro took his time, talking softly to the botoxed waitress. I wished\par
he\rquote d forget all about me so I could sneak out the door and never return.\par
My phone buzzed.\par
I\rquote d never hoped for anything more in my life as I read the new message.\par
Kite : Understand me too when I say I don\rquote t forgive or forget lightly.\par
But I appreciate your message and can\rquote t deny you\rquote ve got me intrigued.\par
You\rquote ve almost got me wanting to know what changed in your life to send\par
you grovelling back to me. I\rquote m not an idiot to know it must\rquote ve been pretty\par
big after what we said to each other. I\rquote ll let you message me and reply on\par
one condition.\par
There was nothing else. Glancing over at Jethro, he had his back to me\par
waiting for his order. Still time. Still hope.\par
I swiftly messaged Kite back.\par
Needle&Thread: I accept. Whatever your condition.\par
Please just give me someone to talk to. No matter how cryptic and\par
shallow he was, I needed it. So much.\par
Kite : No details. I\rquote ll reply as long as your messages don\rquote t make me\par
care. You\rquote ve got the wrong man if you want sympathy.\par
I wanted to tell him to piss off. That he wasn\rquote t worth it. But I swallowed\par
my pride just as Jethro placed a single shot of white liquor in front of me.\par
\ldblquote Whoever you\rquote re messaging, stop.\rdblquote\par
Glaring into his light, unfeeling eyes, I flicked a curtain of hair over my\par
shoulder.\par
In my first, but definitely not my last act of defiance, I typed a single\par
word.\par
One word that gave me a shallow friend who didn\rquote t care if I lived or\par
died.\par
The only person I had left.\par
Needle&Thread: Deal.\f0\par
Jethro.\lang9\par
I TRIED.\par
If anyone asked, I could tell the truth. I did try to stay a gentleman.\par
But who the fuck was I kidding? My manners had an expiration date,\par
and Nila pushed me too far.\par
I guided her from the dismal excuse of a bar, through the terminal, and\par
past security. Her arm stayed looped with mine, following submissively,\par
obediently\f1\emdash like a good pet. Her feet glided in flat shoes, her dark eyes\par
glazed but aware.\par
It\rquote d been too easy. Both breaking my word and dissolving the tablet into\par
her drink. I said I wouldn\rquote t kidnap or drug her\emdash that was before she showed\par
some backbone in the coffee shop, and had the fucking audacity to ask me\par
for something.\par
Sex? She willingly wanted some sort of meaningless connection with\par
me? That pissed me off.\par
I\rquote d been too soft. Too gentile. It was time to make my prey fully\par
understand the nightmare she\rquote d walked into and put a stop to the stupid\par
fantasises she entertained.\par
And I couldn\rquote t think about her brother without wanting to fucking\par
punch something. I shouldn\rquote t have been so lenient. I didn\rquote t care who she\par
talked to as long as she remained mine to torment. But him\emdash he could ruin\par
everything. The Weaver men had been a constant pain in the arse since the\par
Hawks started taking their women.\par
War had broken out. Lives were lost on both sides.\par
But we won. And would continue to win, because they were pussies and\par
we were strong.\par
Nila didn\rquote t say a word as I guided her down the airbridge and onto the\par
plane. To an outsider she looked perfectly normal. Perhaps a little tired and\par
spaced out, but content and not in any way distressed.\par
That was the wonder of this particular drug.\par
Externally, she acted the perfect part. Internally, well....\par
It wasn\rquote t my problem if she saw everything that happened. Her mind\par
was unhindered\emdash loud and shouting\emdash but all motor control was stolen. And\par
there was nothing she could do about it. She dealt with vertigo on a daily\par
basis\emdash this was no different. I\rquote d taken her ability with the help of a simple\par
chemical. In fact, I was kinder than vertigo, because I gave her something\par
to hold onto.\par
Patting her hand that rested on my forearm, I guided her into business\par
class. Pointing at the window seat, I waited till she sat heavily, then buckled\par
her in. Her breathing remained low and regular, but when I sat beside her,\par
took her hand, and guided her face to mine, I saw the truth.\par
She knew.\par
Everything.\par
Perfect. It\rquote s time to begin.\par
Brushing black hair from her neck, I whispered, \ldblquote I should warn you of\par
something.\rdblquote  Running my fingers down the silky strands, I moved closer so I\par
could breathe the threat. Silence was terrifying. Whispers petrifying. But\par
barely spoken threats were the worst.\par
\ldblquote Be afraid of me, Ms. Weaver. Be afraid because your life is now mine\par
and I\rquote m the master of everything that happens to you. But know this...it\rquote s\par
not just me you\rquote ll have to fear.\rdblquote\par
Her chest continued to rise and fall, no hiccup or flinch. But her eyes\par
fought against the glass of unwilling intoxication, struggling to break the\par
surface and no longer drown.\par
\ldblquote There are others. Many others who have the right to help me ensure the\par
debt is fully repaid. Ultimately they have to ask permission from me. But\par
there are exceptions to every rule.\rdblquote\par
Settling back into the leather seat, I smiled. \ldblquote Remember what I told you\par
and you might survive.\rdblquote\par
My mouth said one thing, my eyes another.\par
Remember that and you\rquote ll still die.\par
She heard the truth as well as my lie. Her fingers twitched, mouth\par
parted, but the drugs were stronger than her terror.\par
She was inert while inside she was screaming.\par
The silence was a screeching-symphony to my ears.\f0\par
\lang1033 Nila.\par
THE BLACK SUV that I\rquote d been stuffed into at the airport rolled to a stop\par
beneath a humongous archway. A gatehouse, so typical of large wealthy\par
estates in England, soared above us. Through the glass roof of the car, I\par
made out the same crest that emblazed the door panels of the vehicle I sat\par
in. The up lighting made it glow like a rare monument\f1\emdash an over emblazed\par
welcome doormat.\par
A huge filigree design with four hawks circling a nest of fallen women\par
welcomed, complete with a large diamond glinting in the centre. It\par
screamed of hunting and violence and winning.\par
I would\rquote ve shuddered if I had the ability to move. How many of the\par
fallen women lived through what I was about to? How many survived?\par
None of them.\par
I knew that now. I knew what my future held.\par
I\rquote d screamed and raged and howled beside Jethro on the plane. My\par
throat bled from shouting. My heart burst from begging. But he hadn\rquote t\par
heard a whimper, because of the magic he\rquote d used to subdue me.\par
The journey had torn my heart into shreds. Every step I took, I battled to\par
break whatever spell he\rquote d placed me under. Every breath I took, I fought to\par
speak.\par
If I had the power of speech, I would\rquote ve screamed that I had a bomb. I\par
would\rquote ve taken detainment and a full body strip search to flee from Jethro\rquote s\par
undeniable, possessive hold.\par
My entire undoing and decimation was done in utter silence. And the\par
bastard just sat there, holding my hand, nodding at the air-hostess when she\par
said what an elegant couple we were.\par
He let me dissolve into misery. He lapped up my unshed tears, and I\rquote d\par
seen a glimpse of the monster I\rquote d given my life to. Thousands of feet above\par
the earth, I\rquote d witnessed the cold gentleman mellow into something\par
resembling a happy lover. Someone who\rquote d won and got their way.\par
\ldblquote Welcome home, Ms. Weaver,\rdblquote  Jethro whispered against my ear.\par
I tried to cringe from his mouth, to huddle against the door, but the\par
damn drug kept me locked beside him.\par
I blinked, inwardly sobbing, outwardly a perfect porcelain doll.\par
Everything had been stolen. My sense of touch, ability to speak,\par
muscles needed to run.\par
A man in his early twenties appeared from a large pillar of the archway.\par
Manifesting from the dark like a ghoul on Halloween. Jethro stiffened.\par
The new arrival opened the front door, sliding into the seat and nodding\par
at the elderly man driving us. \ldblquote Clive.\rdblquote\par
The driver nodded in return, gripping the gear stick with an arthritic\par
hand, and engaging the car once again. He hadn\rquote t said a word since picking\par
us up at Heathrow. Perhaps he doesn\rquote t have a tongue? Jethro and his family\par
probably ripped it out to protect their sadistic secrets.\par
We inched forward, trading the soft lighting of a hawk engraved logo\par
for the deep darkness of forest. I stared out the window into pitch black.\par
From Italy to England, from night to night. The engine purred, following a\par
quaint road slicing through dense woodland.\par
I wanted to run. And scream. I wanted so much to scream.\par
Jethro scowled as the newcomer twisted in his seat, awkwardly facing\par
us. I struggled to make out his features thanks to the dark, but the high\par
beams of the SUV cast shadows enough to see.\par
\ldblquote Jet.\rdblquote  He gave a mock salute.\par
Jethro sniffed. \ldblquote Daniel.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This her?\rdblquote  The man trailed his eyes from my lips to my breasts to my\par
demurely placed hands in my lap. \ldblquote She looks like a Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Jethro sighed, sounding bored and annoyed. \ldblquote Obviously.\rdblquote\par
Daniel reached over, grabbing my knee. His touch sent shivers of\par
repulsion over me, even through the cotton of my dress.\par
I felt that.\par
I held my breath. Sense of touch was the first sign of the drug wearing\par
off. I knew when Jethro touched me, because of the pressure of his fingers.\par
They acted like a punishment, a leash, and a reminder that my life was his.\par
But up till now I hadn\rquote t been able to feel temperature or texture. Neither hot\par
nor cold. Gentle or soft.\par
But now I could.\par
It\rquote s fading.\par
I hoped joy didn\rquote t show on my face. If I could move, I could escape.\par
Oh, Nila. Don\rquote t be so stupid.\par
My joy fizzled out as fast as it\rquote d arrived. There would be no escaping. It\par
was yet another thing I knew just by what Jethro wasn\rquote t saying. I\rquote d learned\par
something in the short flight here. His silence told me more than any part of\par
him. His silence shouted too loudly to be ignored.\par
I was dead already. My last breath hinged only on how quickly he tired\par
of his new toy.\par
Keeping my emotions buried, I stared blankly at the man who dared\par
touch me. His lips pulled into a cruel smile; his fingers tightened until every\par
inch of me wanted to jerk away.\par
Jethro sat still, letting him touch me.\par
Daniel\rquote s nose was slightly crooked from a bad break, face fuller, body\par
softer than Jethro\rquote s, but there was no denying the family resemblance.\par
Jethro was cold stone with sharp contours, gravelly voice, and imposing\par
personality while the younger brother had more animation.\par
If it wasn\rquote t for the greed glowing in his eyes, I would\rquote ve preferred him.\par
But despite Jethro\rquote s granite exterior and sharpness, I knew in my heart I\par
was better off being his plaything than this new Hawk.\par
There was something missing inside him.\par
A soul.\par
With a sneer, the man ran his palm up my inner thigh, bunching the\par
material of my dress. \ldblquote I must say you\rquote re very well behaved.\rdblquote  He dug his\par
nails into my delicate flesh, only a hand distance from my crotch. \ldblquote You\par
don\rquote t flinch.\rdblquote  His hand suddenly left my thigh, connecting with a loud,\par
stinging slap on my cheek. The force of his strike sent my useless body\par
falling into Jethro. \ldblquote You don\rquote t cry.\rdblquote\par
My face smarted and throbbed, making my heart race. I squeezed my\par
eyes, wishing the sense of touch hadn\rquote t returned. I didn\rquote t want pain. I didn\rquote t\par
want any of this.\par
Jethro grunted, pushing me upright with a rough shove to my shoulder.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s not normally like this. Couldn\rquote t shut her up, or stop her endless\par
questions. So I drugged her.\rdblquote\par
The man\rquote s eyebrow rose. \ldblquote With what?\rdblquote  Eyes slithering over my chest,\par
he planted his hand back on my leg. Pushing my dress out of the way, he\par
inched higher and higher and higher on naked skin.\par
I wanted to curl into a ball and cry until I drowned from tears. I wanted\par
oblivion from this nightmare. But the drugs kept me sitting prim and\par
willing, a perfect toy to play with.\par
There are others. Many others who have the right to help me ensure the\par
debt is fully repaid. The sentence had been on repeat in my head ever since\par
Jethro whispered it on the plane. Was that why he permitted his brother to\par
manhandle me? Would I be given to him to do as he pleased?\par
Please, God. Please don\rquote t let that happen.\par
I had enough strength to stay true to myself and survive one man. But\par
multiple? They\rquote d tear me into smithereens and ruin me even for death.\par
Jethro placed his hand\emdash slightly larger and far more scary\emdash on my other\par
leg, pressing me hard against the leather. His touch hurt\emdash burning my\par
exposed skin like dry-ice. \ldblquote I gave her Diamond Dust.\rdblquote\par
Daniel\rquote s vile touch stopped just as the tips of his fingers brushed the\par
crotch of my knickers. I sat frozen, every part of me humming with horror.\par
\ldblquote Diamond Dust? Shit, Jet, that stuff hasn\rquote t finished testing. You know\par
Cut didn\rquote t authorise it to be sold yet\emdash let alone be used in public. What if\par
she had a seizure? How would you have explained she\rquote s nothing and\par
deserved to die? You couldn\rquote t. You\rquote d end up in fucking prison.\rdblquote\par
My heart hammered. Not only had he stolen my mobility, he\rquote d run the\par
risk of killing me. The fear crested again, burning through the drugs bit by\par
bit. Even with the knowledge that I\rquote d have to live through countless horrors\par
before my time was up, I was glad I hadn\rquote t had a seizure. Death was so\par
final. As long as I breathed, I might find some way to survive.\par
You say that now. My pain threshold hadn\rquote t been tested. I had no guide\par
on how strong I\rquote d remain or how precious my life would be when I no\par
longer wished to live it.\par
Jethro shrugged. \ldblquote If she died then the final debt would\rquote ve been paid\par
sooner rather than later.\rdblquote  Glancing at me, he added, \ldblquote I admit it\rquote s taking\par
longer than I thought to leave her system. But it did a nice job shutting her\par
up.\rdblquote\par
His fingers turned to pincers. \ldblquote See how enjoyable silence is, Ms.\par
Weaver?\rdblquote\par
I stayed immobile beneath his touch, but my heart flew with terror,\par
burning off the residual frozenness, leaving me at the mercy of reactions.\par
Every second the drug weakened only meant I had to work extra hard to\par
maintain the deception I was still its prisoner.\par
Daniel\rquote s fingers inched further. His eyes locked on mine as he touched\par
my clit through my knickers. His touch was horribly warm, invasive, and\par
gross. \par
I wanted to kick him in the damn nose.\par
But I just sat there.\par
And died a little.\par
I sat there, because I had no damn choice.\par
Don\rquote t. I swallowed, drinking the tears fighting so hard to be shed. Don\rquote t\par
spiral. I couldn\rquote t let myself be sucked into useless sadness. I\rquote d never claw\par
my way out. I\rquote d never be ready to fight.\par
And I mean to.\par
My life might be earmarked for extinction, but I meant to be the last\par
Weaver the Hawks ever took.\par
At least I don\rquote t have children. Once they killed me, there\rquote d be no more\par
Weaver women.\par
Oh, my God. Until Vaughn has children.\par
The fist around my heart squeezed until lightheadedness made the car\par
swim.\par
Daniel yanked me from my horror, rubbing my clit. He grinned. \ldblquote She\par
looks younger than twenty-four. Sure you didn\rquote t get the younger sister\par
instead?\rdblquote\par
What!?\par
I jolted, sucking in a breath. I forgot to pretend the drugs still held me\par
prisoner. A sister? Impossible.\par
She left us. Could my mother have had another life\emdash a whole other\par
existence that I didn\rquote t know about?\par
The thought pulverized my heart. Not only did she have a family\emdash\par
tearing us apart when the debt came for her\emdash but she\rquote d thoughtlessly given\par
life to another girl?\par
Jethro\rquote s head snapped toward me, his light-brown eyes flashing in the\par
darkness. I stayed as statuesque as possible. My gasp was the first sound I\rquote d\par
made since the bar. Since I entered into an agreement with Kite not to make\par
him care, and the last conversation I had with my brother for who knew\par
how long.\par
Jethro leaned into my neck. \ldblquote I see you fighting it. I see you winning.\par
You can\rquote t hide anything from me.\rdblquote  Pulling away, his eyes narrowed. \ldblquote You\rquote d\par
do well to remember that. Don\rquote t give me a reason to hurt you so soon.\rdblquote\par
Looking to his brother, he muttered, \ldblquote She\rquote s the right one.\rdblquote  His fingers\par
clenched and unclenched on my thigh. In a lightning move, he snatched\par
Daniel\rquote s wrist and jerked his probing fingers from my core. \ldblquote She\rquote s the right\par
one and mine. Enough.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stop the sigh of relief. Only one other man had touched me\par
there. Only one boy had seen me naked and taken my virginity. I never\par
thought I\rquote d be in a situation where I\rquote d be forced, and for a fraction of a\par
second I was grateful toward Jethro for stopping it.\par
\ldblquote I can touch her if I want. Shit, I can fuck her too.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t say you couldn\rquote t. I just said...enough.\rdblquote  He bit the word into\par
pieces. Sharp, deadly, unforgiving.\par
Daniel tore his arm from Jethro\rquote s grip. \ldblquote Fine. But don\rquote t climb up your\par
arse thinking she\rquote s just yours. She\rquote s not. She belongs to all of us.\rdblquote\par
There are others. Many others who have the right to help me ensure the\par
debt is fully repaid.\par
\ldblquote No. But she\rquote s mine until I say you can have her. Hierarchy, little\par
brother. You know how receiving charity works.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fuck off, Jet.\rdblquote  Pointing a finger at Jethro\rquote s face, he said, \ldblquote Cut changed\par
a few things tonight at the Gemstone. He\rquote s named me VP\emdash given me your\par
role.\rdblquote\par
Jethro settled into the seat, his broad shoulders brushing mine. \ldblquote If you\par
think he did that behind my back, you\rquote re mistaken. I asked for time. Cut\par
was more than happy to grant it. After all, I\rquote m the firstborn son of a Hawk.\par
She\rquote s the firstborn daughter of a Weaver. There are more important things\par
on my agenda for the foreseeable future.\rdblquote\par
My brain swam. Everything they said sounded cryptic and layered in\par
code. Cut? Was that a name? Gemstone? It sounded like a place, but that\par
didn\rquote t make sense.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve always thought you\rquote re better than me. But you\rquote ll see who\par
extracts a debt from flesh better when I get my turn.\rdblquote  Daniel sneered, his\par
gaze bouncing from his brother to me.\par
I gritted my teeth against dropping my eyes or trying to turn invisible.\par
As much as I hated Jethro, I would make sure to remain in his good graces\par
as long as possible.\par
Daniel reached out and patted my knee, ignoring Jethro\rquote s icy look.\par
\ldblquote Enjoy your time with my brother, because when you\rquote re mine...enjoyment\par
won\rquote t be something you\rquote ll be feeling.\rdblquote\par
Jethro sat forward, his suit rustling against the leather upholstery. In his\par
signature terrifying quietness, he said, \ldblquote You disturb my work before I\rquote m\par
through, blood or not, you\rquote ll pay the price.\rdblquote\par
The two men glowered. I didn\rquote t know either of them, but the air\par
shimmered with past conflict and animosity\emdash hinting that this standoff was\par
nothing new.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not untouchable,\rdblquote  Daniel hissed. \ldblquote You better\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro shook his head, eyes dark as amber. \ldblquote Stop. There\rquote s nothing I\par
better do. Father didn\rquote t pick you. He didn\rquote t choose you.\rdblquote  His hand came up,\par
casually checking his fingernails. \ldblquote Life rewards those who deserve it. And\par
you\emdash don\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
Jethro was calm, made worse with the swirling ferocious temper\par
existing just below the surface. The atmosphere thickened, changing the\par
breathability of the car\rquote s interior until I choked with the urge to flee.\par
Clive, the driver, never slowed, continuing through the night as if\par
brother rivalry and debts extracted from human misery was common. The\par
gentle rocking of the vehicle did nothing to relieve the anger between Jethro\par
and Daniel, but every wheel spin helped shed the fogginess I\rquote d existed in\par
for the past few hours.\par
The fact I was trapped between two males who might explode at any\par
second helped drench my system in adrenaline, kick-starting my heart,\par
dragging me to the surface of being master of my own body once again.\par
The heavy drug-ocean receded.\par
I didn\rquote t witness what made Daniel concede\emdash Jethro never moved\emdash but\par
he growled a curse, then spun in his seat to glare out the windscreen. I\par
followed his attention, holding my breath at the soft glow in the distance. If\par
that was our destination, it was giant. A looming residence breaking the\par
darkness with false warmth and welcome.\par
My new home.\par
My new hell.\par
My end.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s called Hawksridge Hall. Take a good look, because it\rquote s the last\par
place you\rquote ll ever live.\rdblquote  Grabbing a handful of my hair, Jethro tugged me\par
closer. His hot breath disappeared down my dress, making me tremble.\par
\ldblquote Hawksridge has been in our family for countless generations. A fortune we\par
built from nothing. Unlike you, we weren\rquote t born into privilege. We earned\par
our wealth. We deserved the titles bestowed, and it\rquote s time to show you what\par
we had to do to achieve that.\rdblquote\par
His fingers wrapped tighter, burning my scalp. \ldblquote To dispel any thought\par
of running, there\rquote s over one thousand hectares of land. You\rquote d never find\par
your way to the boundary. You\rquote re trapped.\rdblquote  His lips grazed over my jaw.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re mine.\rdblquote  Keeping his fingers tangled in my hair, he reclined, pulling\par
my neck into an uncomfortable angle.\par
The sadness I\rquote d done so well at battling crested again. There wouldn\rquote t\par
be bars on my cage\emdash or at least I didn\rquote t think so\emdash but there was a fortified\par
moat in the design of woodland and lakes and hills. I wasn\rquote t outdoorsy. I\par
didn\rquote t know north from south.\par
But you do run.\par
I was fast. I had stamina. If the opportunity came, I wouldn\rquote t hesitate to\par
put my obsession with running to use.\par
Until you fall and break your leg thanks to an episode.\par
My shoulders rolled. Not only was I trapped by a maniac family, but I\par
was vertigo\rquote s favourite stumbler.\par
The car continued deeper and deeper. Every turn, I lost all sense of\par
direction and knew I would never find the gatehouse without a miracle.\par
Taking a deep breath, I looked at my hands in my lap. I willed sensation\par
to come back. They twitched, returning to life with a wash of pins and\par
needles.\par
They fell off my lap involuntary as we bounced over a cattle grate.\par
Jethro pursed his lips, looking at my offending limb on the seat beside him.\par
His gaze trailed up my arm to my chest.\par
I breathed faster at the calculating look in his eyes. Unwinding his\par
fingers from my hair, he trailed them down my neck, along my clavicle,\par
across my shoulder, and down my arm. \ldblquote My brother was the first to touch\par
you below, but I\rquote m going to be the first to touch you here.\rdblquote  His hand skated\par
across to my breast, clamping around the sensitive tissue.\par
The soft cotton of my dress did nothing to protect me from the coldness\par
of his grip.\par
\ldblquote You seemed to want my attention at the caf\f0\'e9. Don\rquote t say I never give\par
you anything.\rdblquote  His finger pinched my nipple, rolling it painfully. There was\par
nothing sexual about his hold\f1\emdash only punishment.\par
Giving up pretence of being under the influence of whatever he\rquote d given\par
me, I squeezed my eyes, swallowing back a whimper.\par
He twisted my nipple again, shifting from demeaning to the edge of\par
painful, but what made it worse was I\rquote d wanted him to touch me there. I\par
would\rquote ve willingly slept with him only hours before. Before I knew the\par
animal inside the cultivated man.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re too skinny. I prefer women with more...assets than you,\rdblquote  he\par
whispered, cupping my other small breast. \ldblquote However, your tiny stature\par
might prove to be a blessing with some of the things I have planned.\rdblquote  He\par
pinched me again, turning my nipple like a corkscrew.\par
I flinched, forehead furrowing against the pain.\par
He chuckled. \ldblquote I knew it was wearing off.\rdblquote  His touch turned from\par
painful to excruciating. I bit my lip, barely holding back a cry.\par
\ldblquote Just in time.\rdblquote  Letting my breast go, he captured my hand, linking his\par
icy fingers through mine. There was nothing romantic or caring about\par
Jethro holding my hand\emdash it was a pure reminder that I had no chance in hell\par
of getting free.\par
Vaughn. Tex.\par
I wanted so badly to talk to them. To beg for rescue. But I could no\par
longer be the woman I\rquote d been. I couldn\rquote t be the workaholic who blamed\par
others for my unhappiness. I\rquote d accepted my father\rquote s old-fashioned law\par
about not being permitted to date, because in all honesty, I wasn\rquote t ready. I\par
would never be ready. Because meeting someone meant the possibility of\par
falling in love. Which meant the worst pain imaginable when they left.\par
If anything, Jethro had done me a favour. I never wanted male company\par
again. If I could return to my sewing machines with no other\par
companionship but my twin, I\rquote d be happy, eternally grateful, and would live\par
the rest of my life in peace.\par
Tugging my hand into his lap, Jethro murmured, \ldblquote I meant what I said on\par
the plane. Play your part and you\rquote ll live to see another sunrise.\rdblquote\par
Something snapped inside as if the drug suddenly gave up its hold on\par
me, along with everything I\rquote d been trying to avoid. The tears, the fears, the\par
constant worrying of what was to come.\par
It all disappeared.\par
I couldn\rquote t afford to drain my energy with useless wonderings. Jethro\par
said I could work. I intended to drown myself in fabric and continue\par
designing my next runway show. I would pretend my world hadn\rquote t become\par
a monster-filled nightmare, and lock my mind in a place where it was safe.\par
Mundane was safe. Routine was safe.\par
I would create a sewing room deep in my soul and ensure no one\emdash\par
including the numerous activities Jethro had planned\emdash could ever ruin me.\par
And talk to Kite.\par
My heart thumped. He wasn\rquote t kind or a sympathetic ear to cry to. But I\par
was glad. I didn\rquote t want someone to pat my back and make me feel worse\par
with commiseration. I needed someone to tell me to buck up, keep going,\par
and never wallow in darkness.\par
Kite didn\rquote t know it yet, but I planned to use him as my barometer of\par
liveliness. If I could muster up the energy to flirt and chat and pretend\par
everything was okay, I had the strength to continue. The moment I used him\par
as an outlet to purge whatever Jethro did to me, I would know I needed to\par
re-centre myself and dig deeper to stay true.\par
Jethro let my hand go, tossing it away almost violently.\par
I breathed a sigh of relief, then stiffened as his fingers latched around\par
my upper thigh.\par
Whispering harshly, he said, \ldblquote Keep watching the horizon, Ms. Weaver.\par
You\rquote re about to see your new home.\rdblquote  His hand crept up my leg, following\par
the same path his brother had\emdash freezing my exposed skin with his iciclelike fingers. \ldblquote Don\rquote t take your eyes off the windscreen. You behave and I\rquote ll\par
make sure you have somewhere warm to sleep tonight. You disappoint me\par
and you\rquote ll sleep with the dogs.\rdblquote\par
I bit my lip, eyes flaring wide.\par
Sleep in a kennel? Shit, Nila. You couldn\rquote t be any more stupid.\par
All this time I\rquote d braced myself for sexual payments\emdash bodily taxes and\par
unwanted attention\emdash but in reality I hadn\rquote t stopped to think about the bare\par
essentials of living. There was so much more Jethro could do to me than\par
torment my body.\par
He could deprive me of nutrition.\par
He could prevent me from sleeping.\par
He could make me live in squalor and suffer illness after illness.\par
Daniel stayed facing the front, ignoring us. I risked my first question\par
since the airport bar.\par
\ldblquote You aren\rquote t just going to use me. Are you?\rdblquote  My voice sounded strange\par
after not speaking for so long.\par
Jethro stilled, his fingers twitching on my inner thigh. \ldblquote So na\f0\'efve. You\rquote re\par
worse than a pet. You\rquote re like a child. A loveless girl who knows nothing of\par
the big, bad world.\rdblquote  Breathing shallow, his hand moved higher and higher.\par
\ldblquote Pity I\rquote m not turned on by little girls. Pity you don\rquote t get me hard, my\par
loveless, clueless Weaver. Then you might\rquote ve been prisoner in my bed.\rdblquote\par
In front of us, the car\rquote s headlights illuminated a driveway. The\par
woodland stopped, giving way from thicket to a huge expanse of manicured\par
lawn and a large oval fountain. Birds of prey replaced angels and fair\par
maidens, their talons dancing on top of water spray. \par
Jethro\rquote s hand burned, never stopping his slow assault. My heart jackknifed, pain shooting in my chest as panic replaced my blood. I\rquote d wanted\par
sexual contact for so long but not like this. Not taken. Not even wanted.\par
The car slowed, skirting around the fountain. We turned left, following\par
the sweeping driveway.\par
And that was when I saw it.\par
The monstrosity that was my so-called new home.\par
The rising monolithic, French turreted, tower fortified, sweeping,\par
soaring mansion. Tarmac turned to gravel beneath the tyres, pinging against\par
the metal panels below. Jethro\rquote s fingers crept higher, demanding I pay\par
attention to everything he did.\par
\ldblquote Welcome to Hawksridge Hall, Ms. Weaver. It\rquote s going to be a pleasure\par
entertaining you as my guest.\rdblquote  The sentence wrapped around me like a\par
noose; my eyes snapped closed as his fingers brushed my core. Firm,\par
unyielding, he cupped me through my knickers, sending snow to my womb\par
with his vile fingers.\par
I bit my tongue, hating him. Hating myself. Hating everything to do\par
with debts and vendettas and family feuds.\par
\ldblquote This is what you wanted, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Jethro whispered, pressing harder.\par
Everything clenched, repelling against his awful ministrations.\par
I tore my eyes open. \ldblquote Not like this.\rdblquote  Dropping my voice, I locked eyes\par
with him. \ldblquote Please, not like this.\rdblquote\par
The car rocked to a stop.\par
Daniel looked over his shoulder, his gaze dropping to the blatant\par
position of Jethro\rquote s hand between my legs. He smirked. \ldblquote Welcome to the\par
family. Don\rquote t know how much you\rquote ve been told about us, but forget\par
everything.\rdblquote  His teeth glinted in the pooling light from the mansion. \ldblquote We\rquote re\par
much worse.\rdblquote\par
Jethro stroked me, drifting down to where the silk of my underwear\par
gave a little, pressing against my entrance. \ldblquote He\rquote s right. Much worse.\rdblquote\par
I shuddered as his finger bit into me. The unhurried, controlled way he\par
touched me twisted with my mind. His violation was different than his\par
brother\rquote s. Still not wanted, but at least more easily tolerated.\par
He was the devil I knew. Not the devil I didn\rquote t. In a morbid way, that\par
made Jethro my ally rather than tormentor.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll look forward till we meet again, Weaver.\rdblquote  With another smirk,\par
Daniel shoved open his door and disappeared.\par
Jethro\rquote s fingers rocked into me, but I refused to give him any reaction\f1\emdash\par
neither upset nor regret. Sitting with my hands balled, I asked, \ldblquote Why are\par
you doing this?\rdblquote\par
Jethro chuckled. \ldblquote The ultimate question. And now that we\rquote re home,\par
you\rquote re about to be told.\rdblquote  Removing his hand, he opened the car door and\par
climbed out.\par
All the blood in my body rushed between my legs\emdash almost as if every\par
molecule needed a cleansing\emdash searching for relief from the hot, cold,\par
tempting, vile way he\rquote d touched me.\par
He looked so elegant in his dark grey suit, so refined with the glint of\par
diamond on his lapel. Why did someone so horrid look so beautiful? It\par
wasn\rquote t fair. Nature\rquote s cruel irony. In jungles, birds died from being attracted\par
to the gleam of cavernous flowers. In rainforests, snakes and omnivores\par
succumbed to toxin-riddled-jewelled frogs.\par
Beauty was the ultimate arsenal. Beauty was meant to deceive. It was\par
meant to trick and beguile so their prey never saw death coming.\par
It worked.\par
And to a woman who made her life creating beauty for others and never\par
being granted the ease of naturally acquiring it, Jethro was a double threat,\par
both to my ego and lifespan.\par
Turning back to offer me his palm, Jethro waited for me to accept his\par
token of help.\par
I ignored him.\par
I wasn\rquote t naturally a defiant person, but there was something about him\par
that made me become a brat. Pushing off the seat, I propelled myself\par
awkwardly and stiffly to the open door. The moment I was in grabbing\par
distance, Jethro snatched my wrist and jerked me from the vehicle.\par
Of course, standing for me was already a careful affair, mixed with an\par
unknown substance that\rquote d hijacked my motor controls, I didn\rquote t land on my\par
feet.\par
With a cry, I tripped out of the SUV, sprawling face first on the gravel\par
below. The car suddenly cranked into gear and drove off. Leaving me alone\par
and bruised before a manor worth millions.\par
\ldblquote What on earth?\rdblquote  The gruff exclamation came from above\emdash different\par
from Jethro\rquote s deep timbre, but powerful and full of supple authority.\par
\ldblquote Goddammit, this is getting ridiculous,\rdblquote  Jethro muttered. \ldblquote Are you\par
going to be like this all the time?\rdblquote\par
His strong hands lassoed around my waist, yanking me to my feet. The\par
moment I was vertical I blinked, trying my hardest to find an anchor and\par
remain standing. The world steadied and I shook Jethro\rquote s lingering hold off\par
my hipbone. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m ridiculous. Yes, I\rquote ve suffered all my life. Yes, I know\par
it\rquote s a huge inconvenience for someone who wants to kill me that I\rquote m\par
already a little bit damaged, but did you stop to think\emdash just once\emdash that the\par
reason I\rquote m struggling more than normal is because of the stress you\rquote re\par
loading my system with?\par
\ldblquote Have you never dealt with an upset stomach or a tension headache?\rdblquote\par
Waving my hand in his face, I snapped, \ldblquote It\rquote s the same thing. My body\par
doesn\rquote t handle upsetting circumstances well. Get over it or let me the hell\par
go!\rdblquote\par
It felt wonderful to let go of the anger bubbling inside. It purged me a\par
little, giving me room to breathe.\par
Jethro remained steadfast, his eyes wide, mouth thin and unamused.\par
\ldblquote Well, she has fight. All the fun ones did.\rdblquote\par
The man who\rquote d spoken stood on the second-to-last step of a humongous\par
portico. The house loomed overhead, blotting out the moon and stars as if it\par
were a living entity. Burnished copper gilded the many roofs and turrets,\par
criss-crossing flowerbeds lived beneath soaring lead-light windows, and\par
lattice planted grass grew on the side of the turrets. It wasn\rquote t just a building\par
\emdash it was alive. Maintained, proud, a piece of impressive architecture that\par
had weathered centuries, but been so well cared for.\par
I craned my neck left and right. The building continued on and on, at\par
least ten stories high, with intricate alcoves, sweeping doorways, and a\par
hawk embellishing every keystone.\par
It\rquote s a work of art. I was a creator. My passion didn\rquote t just lie in textiles,\par
but in everything where a level of skill blared from every inch.\par
And Hawksridge Hall was majestic.\par
I wanted to hate it. I despised the family who owned it. But I\rquote d always\par
been a lover of history. I\rquote d always pictured myself as a lady of a manor,\par
with horses and gardens and refined dinner parties. I loved exploring stately\par
homes, not for the furniture or statues, but for the drapery, hand-stitched\par
wallpaper, and massive hanging tapestries.\par
Jethro took a step toward the older gentleman. \ldblquote You said it would be\par
easy. I can assure you, it wasn\rquote t.\rdblquote  Throwing a cold look over his shoulder,\par
Jethro motioned me forward. \ldblquote Come here and pay your respects.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t move.\par
The older man chuckled. He wore all black, and just like the man who\par
brought my belongings in the parking garage in Milan, he wore a black\par
leather jacket with a silhouette of a diamond on the pocket.\par
His hair was fully white, yet his face wasn\rquote t too weathered. He had a\par
goatee, which was more dirty grey than snow, and eyes were as light and\par
unnerving as Jethro\rquote s.\par
Instantly my back stiffened; my heart bucked in refusal. This man didn\rquote t\par
deserve respect. I wanted nothing to do with him.\par
Just as I knew the younger man in the car was Jethro\rquote s brother, I knew\par
without a doubt this was his father. This man was responsible for upholding\par
the evil pastime of torturing innocence for something that should stay in the\par
past. He was ultimately responsible for my demise.\par
Jethro stalked back, stole my arm, and marched me forward. Under his\par
breath, he said, \ldblquote Don\rquote t annoy me. I\rquote m warning you.\rdblquote\par
Jerking me to a halt in front of his father, he spoke louder. \ldblquote Ms. Weaver,\par
let me introduce you to Bryan Hawk. Head of our family, President to his\par
fellow riders, and current man in a long line of succession to wear the\par
family name.\rdblquote\par
He glared at me, making sure I listened. \ldblquote He\rquote s also known as Cut\par
amongst his brotherhood. But to you, he will always be addressed as Mr.\par
Hawk.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Hawk grinned, holding out his hand. \ldblquote Welcome to my humble\par
abode.\rdblquote\par
I shied away, not wanting to touch him, be close to him, or even have to\par
tolerate talking to him.\par
Jethro growled under his breath, grabbing my elbow and holding me\par
firm. \ldblquote You\rquote re one infraction away from sleeping with the hounds, Ms.\par
Weaver. Try me. Disobey once more.\rdblquote\par
His father laughed. \ldblquote Ah, I remember those days. The fun, the\par
discipline.\rdblquote  Climbing down the final step, he closed the space between us.\par
His aftershave reeked of sadism and old money\emdash if that had a smell. A\par
horrid mix of spice and musk that gave me an instant headache, whilst his\par
eyes stole everything about me from my reflection to my dismal future.\par
He cupped my cheek.\par
I flinched, expecting the brutality and roughness I\rquote d come to expect\par
from a Hawk, but he ran his thumb gently over my cheekbone. \ldblquote Hello, Nila.\par
It\rquote s a pleasure to once again entertain a Weaver in our modest home.\rdblquote\par
Hearing my name repulsed me. Jethro hadn\rquote t used it yet\emdash sticking to the\par
impersonal address of my last-name. I hated that Mr. Hawk thought he had\par
the authority to speak it.\par
Wanting to spit in his face, I focused on the house behind him\emdash\par
swallowing the urge. My gaze soared to the stained glass windows, the\par
imposing spires, and impressive stonework. There was nothing modest\par
about this dwelling, and he knew it.\par
I kept my lips clamped. I had a whole novel of horrible things I wanted\par
to say, but Jethro\rquote s seething bulk beside me kept my tongue in check.\par
Jethro let me go, pushing me into his father. \ldblquote She\rquote s been nothing but\par
trouble. I can\rquote t deny I\rquote m looking forward to tomorrow.\rdblquote\par
My heart leapt into my throat at the dark promise in his voice. What\rquote s\par
going to happen tomorrow?\par
Mr. Hawk dropped his palm from my cheek, wrapping his arm around\par
my waist. With his free hand, he brushed wayward strands from my eye.\par
\ldblquote You look just like your mother. It\rquote s a pity I\rquote m not the one extracting in this\par
particular instance, but rest assured, I will enjoy you once or twice.\rdblquote\par
My stomach latched onto my heart, making me sick. Don\rquote t ask. The\par
question blared in my head. What did you do to my mother?\par
I\rquote d been so young and full of righteous anger at her leaving my father. I\par
thought she was the villain\emdash the heartbreaker.\par
But she was the one who paid an unpayable price. And never returned.\par
Mr. Hawk\rquote s eyes glinted. \ldblquote I see Jethro hasn\rquote t told you anything yet.\rdblquote\par
Trailing his hand from my hair to my lips, he stroked me gently. \ldblquote That\rquote s\par
going to be a fun conversation, but for now I\rquote ll let you in on a little family\par
secret.\rdblquote  Crushing me against him, he whispered, \ldblquote I\rquote m the one who stole her.\par
I\rquote m the one who took debt after debt from her unwilling skin. And do you\par
know what she begged for in her final minutes of life?\rdblquote\par
My head swam. My world roared. Life as I knew it ended.\par
I hated him.\par
I loathed him.\par
I\rquote ll kill you.\par
I\rquote d never felt such heat, such insanely burning desire to cause harm. My\par
teeth ached from clenching; my nails drew blood from my palms.\par
\ldblquote She begged for your life. To end it with her and to let you live in\par
peace.\rdblquote  His hand left my waist, grabbing my arse with a vicious grip.\par
\ldblquote Know what I told her?\rdblquote  His breath smelled of liquor and cigars, making\par
me swallow his words. \ldblquote I told her you were born a Weaver, you\rquote ll die a\par
Weaver. And that\rquote s the simplistic way of our world.\rdblquote\par
Shoving me away, I ping-ponged from father to son, coming to an\par
abrupt halt in Jethro\rquote s arms. The relief at being away from the man who\rquote d\par
murdered my mother made my limbs weak and jittery, but I couldn\rquote t stop\par
the hatred from gnawing a gaping hole in my soul. I needed it out. I needed\par
it spoken so he would know the debt might not have ended with my mother\par
but it would end with me.\par
It will.\par
\ldblquote I pity you. I knew nothing about you, your sons, your warped\par
perception of life until tonight. I may not know why you\rquote re doing this but I\par
do know one thing. I know that it\rquote s the last time you\rquote ll ever do it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Quiet!\rdblquote  Jethro shook me. But I wasn\rquote t scared of him. I wasn\rquote t scared of\par
any of them anymore. They were bullies. Sadistic bastards who\rquote d met their\par
match.\par
Struggling in his arms, I freed my hand, pointing a livid finger at Mr.\par
Hawk. I lost my rage, tilting head first into lunacy. My temper gave me\par
power over everything. My cursed balance. My sheltered beginnings. In\par
that one moment of brazenness, I found a nucleus of strength I didn\rquote t know\par
I had.\par
My voice pitched as I yelled, \ldblquote I\rquote ll kill you! I\rquote ll watch you die just like\par
you watched my mother\emdash I\rquote ll kill you! You don\rquote t deserve to live. I\rquote ll kill\par
you and\emdash\rdblquote  I launched myself at him, only to stumble and go slamming\par
back against a powerful form.\par
Jethro grabbed my shaking arm, pinning it to my side. His strong hold\par
crashed me against his body, moulding my wiggling behind against his rigid\par
front.\par
His body was hard and firm\emdash exactly like the stone I thought he was.\par
The bulge in his trousers pressed against my lower spine.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve pushed me too far. You just had to fucking push. No one\par
threatens my family, least of all a girl who can barely stand without support.\par
And a Weaver.\rdblquote  He spat on my feet. \ldblquote Fucking filth.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Remove her from my sight.\rdblquote  Mr. Hawk sniffed. \ldblquote Teach her her place,\par
Jethro. I won\rquote t put up with such stupid behaviour.\rdblquote  His eyes landed on me.\par
\ldblquote As for you. I\rquote d hoped you\rquote d show more promise. Think what you want of\par
us, Ms. Weaver, but this isn\rquote t a simple matter that will end quickly. You\rquote re\par
ours for however long we wish to keep you and you\rquote ll learn proper manners\par
if we have to beat it into you.\rdblquote\par
Nodding at Jethro, he climbed the steps to the two-story-sized front\par
door and disappeared.\par
The moment he vanished, my spine rolled and I wanted nothing more\par
than to fall to my knees and cry.\par
What was I thinking?\par
My rage and hatred snuffed out like a candle in a storm. I\rquote d never been\par
so out of control. My emotions had held me hostage and I\rquote d snapped\emdash for\par
the first time since my mother left\emdash I\rquote d succumbed to the intense freedom\par
of bitterness.\par
Jethro dragged me backward, his dress shoes crunching against gravel.\par
He didn\rquote t wait for me to back-peddle, just clutched me hard, dragging me\par
like a corpse. \ldblquote You\rquote ve surprised me twice tonight, and I haven\rquote t liked either\par
of them. You\rquote ve pissed me off. So much so that\emdash\rdblquote\par
Slamming to a halt, he shoved my shoulder blades. \ldblquote Get on your\par
knees.\rdblquote\par
I wheeled forward, crashing from standing to landing on all fours.\par
No!\par
I winced as the driveway bit into my palms; my knees throbbed as sharp\par
pebbles cut into my skin. I looked up, my face swollen and achy from\par
unpermitted tears welling as deep as a bottomless lake.\par
This was the truth. This humiliation and admittance of power, not the\par
farce he\rquote d painted. \par
Jethro towered above, his legs planted wide, face etched in livid anger.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m a firm advocator of rewarding good behaviour but after tonight you\rquote ve\par
proven there is nothing to reward. You\rquote re wild, unwilling, and a spoiled brat\par
who will learn her place.\rdblquote\par
Leaning down, he grabbed my long hair, jerking it hard. \ldblquote Did you\par
honestly think, after an outburst like that, that you\rquote d deserve the comfort of\par
a bed? Why do it, Ms. Weaver, when you knew what was on the line?\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t speak. My throat was pulled back, the pressure stopping all\par
sounds and swallows.\par
\ldblquote I have a good mind to fuck you right here. To smash whatever sense of\par
entitlement or hope you\rquote re holding onto.\rdblquote  He shook me.\par
My eyes watered at the pain.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not hearing me. This is your life now. I am your only friend.\par
Stop. Pissing. Me. Off.\rdblquote\par
You\rquote re not my friend. I have one, and his name isn\rquote t Jethro.\par
Kite.\par
I didn\rquote t think I\rquote d want to message him so soon, but I needed someone\par
from the outside world. I needed reminding that the universe hadn\rquote t entered\par
an alternate dimension and there was still hope.\par
When I remained silent, Jethro snarled, \ldblquote You\rquote re sleeping with the dogs.\par
They have better obedience than you, perhaps you can learn from them on\par
what we expect.\rdblquote\par
I sniffed, fighting so hard against tears.\par
I didn\rquote t even care that I wouldn\rquote t sleep in a bed. I was past worrying\par
about sanitary conditions or nutritious food. All I wanted was freedom.\par
\ldblquote Move,\rdblquote  Jethro breathed, his beloved silence smoothing his outburst\par
from before. \ldblquote Don\rquote t make me show you how a good dog moves.\rdblquote\par
He wants you to crawl.\par
It had begun.\par
This was the beginning. And I\rquote d brought it upon myself.\par
He wants to destroy you.\par
Using my hair as the leash, Jethro paced beside me as I went from\par
stationary to crawling. I crawled like an animal. I crawled like a pet. I\par
crawled through manicured gardens, past ponds, and statues, all the way\par
from manor to kennel.\f0\par
Jethro.\lang9\par
I STRETCHED, LOOKING up at my ceiling. The plasterwork around the\par
huge chandelier never failed to let me know who I was.\par
A Hawk.\par
The intricate rosettes and architraving was a testament to my namesake.\par
Birds of prey swooped, hunted, and devoured small animals from above.\par
My hard cock lay heavily against my stomach. My hands clenched\par
beneath my head. I was so fucking close to breaking the rules and taking\par
Nila last night. She\rquote d pushed me too far. I\rquote d wanted to see how smart her\par
mouth could be with my dick jammed down her throat.\par
I should\rquote ve taken her.\par
Removing my hand from beneath my pillow, I grasped my morning\par
wood and stroked. My eyes snapped closed as I imagined a different\par
outcome to last night.\par
Nila\rquote s pink plump lips opening. Me sliding inside her mouth. My balls\par
tightening as her timid tongue welcomed my cock. She\rquote d lick me just like\par
she\rquote d done my thumb. Eager, inexperienced\f1\emdash a novice with so much to\par
give.\par
I\rquote d rock forward, holding her head, giving her no choice but to take\par
more of my length.\par
I\rquote d thrust harder, driving her from accepting to choking.\par
Fuck.\par
My hand worked tight and fast. The large bed creaked as I arched my\par
back, giving into the fantasy of blowing down Nila Weaver\rquote s throat.\par
Fuck, yes. Take it. Yes.\par
My quads tightened, and I groaned as the first spasm of release shot\par
from my balls, creating a sticky mess on my stomach.\par
Fantasy Nila kept sucking me, drawing another wave of pleasure. I liked\par
her a lot more with my cock in her mouth. She was silent. Incapacitated.\par
I shivered as the last spurt of my orgasm joined the mess. I opened my\par
eyes.\par
\ldblquote Goddammit.\rdblquote  I hadn\rquote t meant to do that. Fuck it. It was a long night. I\par
deserved a little...unwinding.\par
It\rquote s going to be an even longer day.\par
I might\rquote ve blown my load with an imaginary vision of Nila on her\par
knees, but it would soon become real. Today, Nila would be initiated. She\rquote d\par
be welcomed. And not just by me.\par
Swinging my legs out of bed, I prowled across the thick red carpet\par
toward my private bathroom.\par
I smiled, perversely happy with the day\rquote s upcoming activities. The next\par
few weeks weren\rquote t about debt repaying or vengeance, they were about\par
hospitality and welcoming a new Weaver into the Hawk household. She had\par
much to learn, her place to recognise, and all thoughts of who she was torn\par
from her soul and burned.\par
I\rquote d use her. My father would use her. My two younger brothers would\par
use her. If I let myself, I would feel sorry for her.\par
But that permission had long since been beaten out of me.\par
After spending some time alone with her, I knew the handful she was.\par
Despite her disobedience, I rather liked her fire. Pity that fire would snuff\par
out almost instantly.\par
I paused, searching inside to see how strong my barricades were. To see\par
if I had enough ice inside to do everything expected of me. She was pretty, I\par
had to admit. She had a certain intrigue. But she was just a woman.\par
A woman who confuses you.\par
Scowling, I shoved the thought away. She confused me which wasn\rquote t a\par
good thing. It was almost as bad as surprising me.\par
One moment she seemed so sure and strong. The next she was brittle\par
and breakable. And her bloody vertigo was getting on my goddamn nerves.\par
No. I was more than happy to let my fellow brothers share the work in\par
ruining her. It would be over faster, and I could go back to my life before I\par
knew of the stupid scroll stained with the blood of the first Weaver debts.\par
The sun spilled like a golden carpet, leading the way from bed to\par
shower. My room was vacant of personal touches but reeked in history of\par
past owners. Rococo style dressers, Victorian designed chairs. The\par
wallpaper was embossed maroon leather with gold accents.\par
The entire space was brooding and temperamental. I would\rquote ve preferred\par
clean lines. White\emdash which was the silence of the colour palette\emdash with stone\par
furniture and metal chairs. I liked to be surrounded by an unfeeling\par
atmosphere but I\rquote d never be permitted to change this area.\par
It was sacred.\par
All because it\rquote d been the bedroom of all Hawk men who\rquote d inherited a\par
Weaver woman. Their last breath was taken in this mansion. It held the\par
ghosts of Nila\rquote s ancestors and would one day absorb hers, too.\par
The birthday present of new spurs and a heinously wicked whip glinted\par
on the eighteenth century sideboard. At the time, I\rquote d thought it was a piss\par
poor present for turning twenty-nine, but the best present was due next year.\par
The true inheritance I\rquote d been waiting for. One much better than a woman or\par
her tears. When I turned thirty, I would own it all.\par
Everything. All mine.\par
The fantastic ruling of Primogeniture meant as firstborn son, I inherited\par
the lot. My brothers wouldn\rquote t get penny. My sister not a single diamond.\par
They would survive by my charity. Just like my father.\par
The brotherhood. The mines. The yachts. The cars. Hawksridge. And\par
every property overseas.\par
Mine.\par
Bryan Hawk, Cut to those in the Black Diamond brotherhood, would be\par
second to me. The way of our ancestors ensured young authority remained\par
in control of an estate that\rquote d spilled enough blood to fill a moat around our\par
gates.\par
My father would retire, and I would be king.\par
I\rquote d upgrade from living in the bachelor wing with its pool room, theatre,\par
office, weaponry, solarium, six bedrooms, and six bathrooms to having the\par
pick of a fifty room, two ballroom, and a dungeon-equipped house to play\par
in.\par
And by play, I meant rule.\par
Collecting new clothing from my walk-in wardrobe, I glimpsed myself\par
in the mirror. My lips curled in disgust at the sticky mess on my stomach. I\par
had a good mind to get Nila and make her lick me clean.\par
That was her fault.\par
My mind drifted back to her\emdash against my will. She\rquote d not only taken up\par
valuable space in my head, but my day\rquote s structure as well. There would be\par
no hunting today or inspecting the latest diamond shipment.\par
There\rquote d be no business or travel.\par
All my energy and focus belonged to the woman who was a waste of\par
my time.\par
Another daydream of forcing her to her knees stopped me on the\par
outskirts of the bathroom. Would she cry or scream as I fucked her from\par
behind? Perhaps she\rquote d surprise me again and moan in ecstasy. I planned on\par
taking her that way\emdash the animalistic way. After all, she did spend the night\par
with the dogs. It would only be fitting.\par
Dumping my clothes on the vanity, I strode into the four-headed quartz\par
shower. I had no need to strip. I slept naked.\par
Always did.\par
It was part of the rules.\par
Living at Hawksridge, the grandest and most exclusive motorcycle club\par
compound in all of England, came with strict unbreakable rules. Our\par
brotherhood was different. We were smart, cunning, focused.\par
Any man found sleeping with clothes on was in for a night of pain. We\par
might have left the dark ages behind but my family upheld strictness.\par
We made our fortune in the most transferable precious item there was.\par
And we\rquote d learned a lot from past mistakes on how to treat those who tried\par
to steal them.\par
No clothes at night and random cavity searches by day.\par
All to protect our legacy. The way we made our money. The way we\par
rose from penniless thieves at the beck and call of the Weavers to gathering\par
a wealth that morphed to obscene a few centuries ago.\par
Stepping into the shower, I turned on the hot spray. Smiling at the\par
mirrored wall, I cupped my cock, washing the residue of my indiscretion.\par
The next time I come, I\rquote ll be inside the woman I inherited.\par
With my cock in my hand, I nodded at my reflection.\par
I\rquote m a Hawk but blood doesn\rquote t flow in my veins. I\rquote m born of a substance\par
unbeatable by any other\emdash diamonds.\par
I\rquote m a smuggler.\par
I\rquote m a dealer.\par
And I\rquote m about to become...a killer.\f0\par
\lang1033 Nila.\par
NEEDLE&THREAD: I\rquote m warm and in bed. Surprisingly I slept better than\par
I thought I would. Did you have a good night? Did you lie in your bed and\par
picture me pleasuring you? What did I do to you? Tell me, Kite. I want you\par
to transport me from reality and give me a fantasy stronger than my present\par
humdrum life.\par
Kite : Forward this morning, aren\rquote t we? You\rquote re that desperate to talk\par
about my cock? Not that I\rquote d ever say no\f1\emdash but I\rquote m rather impressed. Tell me\par
more...beg.\par
Needle&Thread: Beg? How does one beg for something they need\par
rather than want? Would you prefer me on my knees? Or perhaps on my\par
back ready for whatever you wanted to give me?\par
Kite : Fuck. What\rquote s got into you? Beg. Imagine I\rquote m standing over\par
you with my hard cock in my hand. I\rquote m throttling it\emdash my fist working so\par
fucking hard at the thought of you spread-eagled and fingering yourself.\par
Give me a visual. Now. Then I might reward you.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m exactly as you said. Begging, whimpering,\par
touching myself until my whimpers turn to pants and my begs turn to\par
moans. I\rquote m wet for you. I\rquote m hot for you. Please, Kite. Give me my fantasy.\par
Give me something warm to hold onto.\par
Kite : What the fuck is this about? How can I come when you sound\par
weird?\par
Needle&Thread: Weird? I\rquote m not. I\rquote m giving you what you want in\par
return for what I need.\par
Kite : Is that supposed to make sense, \lquote cause I don\rquote t understand\par
bullshit code. Fuck, you\rquote re seriously making me do it.\par
Needle&Thread: Do what?\par
Kite : Ask you! Okay, fine. What\rquote s got your panties so bunched that\par
you\rquote re coming onto me so strong. What happened to my timid naughty nun?\par
Why the fuck do you sound so different?\par
I stared at my phone, heart rate skyrocketing. I\rquote d tried to play it coy and\par
courageous. I thought I\rquote d pulled off the pantomime that I was still myself,\par
still living my content but uninspiring life.\par
Obviously not.\par
I re-read my past replies, unable to see the difference. Had I changed\par
that much already?\par
There was nothing soft about Kite. There was no reason for me to seek\par
him out when I had enough bastard in my life thanks to Jethro. It made no\par
sense to let him use me\emdash but it did in a strange way. It made sense because\par
I willingly gave him control over me\emdash something I needed in my rapidly\par
spinning out of control life. While Jethro was determined to undermine,\par
throw away, and rule every inch of whatever little power I had left, Kite\par
gave it back in some strange, wonderful way.\par
He\rquote s the monster I know. He\rquote s not sweetness and light\emdash but he\rquote s mine\par
because I choose him to be. The defiance was yet another stupid score\par
against the beast called Jethro Hawk.\par
Straightening my back, I tried to figure out a way to possibly get Kite to\par
soften\emdash just a little.\par
Kite : Tell me, then make me come. You\rquote ve got two jobs to do. Do\par
them.\par
Taking a deep breath, I opened a fresh message.\par
Needle&Thread: Tell me if this is out of bounds, but in answer to your\par
question\emdash why do I sound different\emdash I suppose it\rquote s because I feel different.\par
Everything is different. I thought I\rquote d always fight against different. I like\par
normal. I like routine. I thought different would ruin me. But...then...I\par
changed.\par
Kite : Changed? You really going to make me drag this out? My cock\par
is hard and balls want to come. Spill it, so we can get to the second part of\par
your to-do list.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m the one who\rquote s different now. It\rquote s as if everything\par
I\rquote ve been dealing with suddenly doesn\rquote t matter. It\rquote s just gone....\par
Kite : Gone?\par
Needle&Thread: Yes. It\rquote s liberating, scary as hell, and confusing. But\par
something\rquote s changing inside\emdash it feels as if I\rquote m...growing up.\par
I sighed. He\rquote d send something horrible back\emdash my response had been\par
too personal. I knew that. But I\rquote d sent it anyway.\par
Kite : Out of bounds. Get back to the subject. Let\rquote s try this, here\rquote s\par
something you obviously want: I\rquote m happy you\rquote re growing up\emdash makes me\par
feel a lot fucking easier knowing I\rquote m not jerking off to a kinky fourteenyear-old. And now for want I want: I\rquote m done with the cryptic crap. Pay\par
attention, because I\rquote m sliding my cock into your mouth. You try to talk but\par
you choke on my length, your voice is humming against my balls. Stop\par
trying to communicate and settle in to your task. Suck me.\par
I sighed. Two emotions swirled inside\emdash exasperation and gratefulness.\par
He\rquote d replied to my overshare. He hadn\rquote t shot me down or been the pillock\par
he usually was. Progress.\par
The tentative softness inside was enough to get me through the next few\par
hours.\par
Shouldn\rquote t you want more?\par
My heart hardened.\par
Kite had replied to my veiled hints for encouragement but I\rquote d hoped...\par
It doesn\rquote t matter what I hoped.\par
It seemed everything I wanted in this world wasn\rquote t available\emdash including\par
more than one kind word from Kite. We\rquote d been so close to a normal\par
conversation. Learning, sharing, building a connection despite the\par
complications of sexting.\par
He\rquote d let me in for a microsecond then shut me out once again, using sex\par
as a tool to keep me in my place and remind me I didn\rquote t factor in his life. I\par
was the unseen whore. The unpaid prostitute who lived in his phone.\par
I couldn\rquote t let him hurt me. I couldn\rquote t let him weaken me.\par
He\rquote d done what I needed\emdash reminding me I was strong enough. There\par
was nothing else to do but finish the conversation, so I could leave the soulsucking fantasy and return to the tragedy of my new world.\par
Kite : You\rquote re not sucking. Fine, I\rquote ll give you some encouragement. If\par
you blow me, I\rquote ll return the favour. I\rquote ll flip you onto your back, spread your\par
legs, and bury my face between your legs. I\rquote d bite you, fucking you with my\par
tongue until you forgot everything and came.\par
My stomach attempted a small swoop. It wasn\rquote t romantic, but it did give\par
me a tiny bit more warmth I needed.\par
Before I could reply, another message vibrated.\par
Kite : Tell me where you are right now. Are you naked? Finger\par
yourself for me. Take a photo if you\rquote re brave.\par
I laughed. The sound shredded the space that Jethro had so kindly given\par
me for the night. Laughing was the only thing I could do. Take a photo? Of\par
what? The bruises on my palms from crawling to the kennels last night?\par
How about the cuts on my knees?\par
Maybe he wants a picture of my elegant bedroom and wonderful\par
bedfellows.\par
Looking up for the first time since I woke, I let the uselessness of my\par
situation get the better of me. The bravery I\rquote d been clutching to like a raft in\par
a rolling ocean, splintered and drowned. Painful despair saturated my heart,\par
weighing me down like the anchors I so often clung to.\par
By all standards, the kennel was sheer luxury. The roof was watertight.\par
The floor clean and sanitary. It was even draft free.\par
But it wasn\rquote t just mine. I had to share.\par
Squirrel, my favourite of the eleven canines I\rquote d spent the night with,\par
nudged my arm. I\rquote d named him after the tree-climbing rodent thanks to his\par
slightly bushy tail. With a doggy smile, he wheedled his way under my arm,\par
leaning heavily against my torso.\par
I\rquote d never had pets growing up. As a family, we were too busy working\par
or travelling to exotic places to source more material and merchandise.\par
Until last night, I\rquote d had an adolescent fear of dogs.\par
That had evolved to terror when Jethro threw me inside.\par
I shuddered, hugging Squirrel closer to me, stealing his gentle warmth.\par
Last night Jethro had tried to destroy me. Not through fists or rape or even\par
harsh words. No, he tried to destroy me by removing any entitlement I had\par
as a human. Marking me as no better than the dogs he kept.\par
He would\rquote ve succeeded if my terror hadn\rquote t mellowed into bewilderment\par
then gratefulness. He\rquote d done me a favour\emdash I preferred the company of his\par
hounds. They not only tolerated my intrusion but welcomed me into the\par
pack.\par
Squirrel licked my pebble-indented palm, letting me know he\par
understood my aches. I still suffered from crawling from the manor, past\par
immaculate flower beds, over precision mowed grass, and cutting through\par
shadows cast by imposing hedges.\par
Everything throbbed when I finally crawled the last metre and sat\par
waiting beside a large roller door. My dress was torn, my knees bleeding\emdash\par
not that he\rquote d cared.\par
The estate was bigger than I could contemplate, but even in the\par
darkness, I\rquote d made out the buildings around us. The stables were across the\par
cobblestone yard. A granary let its soft grainy fragrance permeate the air.\par
The gentle huffing of horses broke the silence along with wuffles and\par
snuffles from dogs.\par
Jethro left me sitting on my knees while he disappeared into what I\par
assumed was a tack room. He returned with a large scratchy blanket and a\par
bucket, before unlocking the roller door and beckoning me inside.\par
Throwing the items into the dark interior, he bowed. \ldblquote Your boudoir, my\par
lady.\rdblquote  Leaning down, he swatted my behind. \ldblquote Go to bed like a good little\par
pet. You have a big day ahead of you.\rdblquote\par
When I didn\rquote t move, his foot landed on my arse, shoving me forward,\par
giving me no choice but to crawl quickly into darkness.\par
The moment I\rquote d traded starlight for no light, I panicked.\par
Jethro threw the bolt home, locking me inside a room that thrived with\par
moving bodies, claws on cobblestones, and soft growls of ownership.\par
The first brush of a wet nose on my cheek ripped a small scream from\par
my lips. I curled tight into a ball, hugging my knees, squeezing my eyes\par
against being eaten alive.\par
I waited for sharp teeth.\par
But they hadn\rquote t eaten me.\par
Far from it. I\rquote d been licked and nuzzled and welcomed into a pack.\par
I was a stranger in their domain, but when I finally overrode my fear\par
and looked into their eyes, they were bright with curiosity rather than\par
territorial anger.\par
The rest of the night was spent making a semi-comfortable bed out of a\par
loosely packed hay bale, and wrapping myself tight in the scratchy blanket.\par
I\rquote d aimed to sleep alone with my new friends scattered in their usual spaces,\par
but they had other ideas.\par
Once I was settled, they\rquote d crowded around me, squeezing close, curling\par
around each other until I was the epicentre in a nest of canines.\par
The moment they\rquote d quietened, I took out my phone.\par
Five missed calls, three messages from my twin, and one from my\par
father.\par
Biting my lip to retain what composure I could, I\rquote d read my father\rquote s\par
first.\par
ArchTextile: Nila, I know you\rquote ll have questions. I know you\rquote ll hate me.\par
But please, my wonderful girl, know I didn\rquote t want any of this. I was stupid\par
not to heed your mother\rquote s warning. I thought\emdash well, it doesn\rquote t matter what I\par
thought. I hope we can talk\emdash when you\rquote re ready. I understand if you can\par
never forgive me. I don\rquote t know how much of this they\rquote ll see, but I\rquote ll never\par
stop searching, never stop hoping. Please don\rquote t think I gave you up lightly.\par
They have...ways. They have you but they\rquote ll keep you in good health. We\par
have time. Love you, sweetheart.\par
I didn\rquote t want to focus on what time meant. The slow plod of time\par
intertwined with the fast tick, tick, ticking of my final heartbeats.\par
My fingers hovered on the reply button. But I couldn\rquote t. Not yet.\par
Instead, I opened my brother\rquote s messages.\par
VtheMan: Threads, pick up your goddamn phone.\par
VtheMan: Threads. I\rquote m warning you. You\rquote re not happy. I sense it. I\rquote m\par
worried shitless and Tex is being a secretive arsehole. Call me immediately,\par
sister. Or I\rquote ll make your life a living hell.\par
VtheMan: Please, Nila. Talk to me. Put me out of my misery. I miss you.\par
Love you so fucking much.\par
My teary gasp in the darkness pricked a few hounds\rquote  ears. I\rquote d wanted so\par
much to reply. But I didn\rquote t dare. I didn\rquote t trust myself not to beg him to get\par
me out of this. I was there of my own free will to protect him. I wouldn\rquote t be\par
protecting him if I was weak.\par
I wanted hard facts on why the Hawks\rquote  could do this. And I wouldn\rquote t\par
stop until I knew everything.\par
Closing my messages, I opened up a picture of Vaughn and me that\rquote d\par
been taken right before the doors opened to the show last night. The tiny bit\par
of strength I had left deserted me and I let go of my tight control.\par
I sobbed.\par
My heart expunged its grief through my eyes, drenching my cheeks,\par
blurring the last photo I had of my brother . I cried until dehydration\par
throbbed my head and my neck was sticky with salt.\par
A low battery reminder beeped. It was the hardest thing I\rquote d done to shut\par
down the picture of V and turn it off.\par
More tears trickled and a hound raised his head, looking at me with\par
wise understanding. He inched forward on his belly, crossing the hay until\par
his claws tugged at my blanket.\par
His canine concern produced another torrent, but I opened my arms, and\par
with a wagging tail, he fitted himself around me like a living shield. His\par
doggy heart thudded against mine as I hugged his silky coat.\par
I went from the Darling of Milan with needle pricks on her fingers to\par
huddled on the floor with only hunting dogs for company.\par
A soppy tongue had licked my cheek, stealing the endless stream. And\par
that was when it happened. The change I\rquote d told Kite about.  The ending.\par
The beginning. The freedom of just letting go.\par
All my life, I\rquote d been stressed with making a name for myself, building\par
my career, loving my brother, being a worthy daughter. Bills. Deadlines.\par
Reputations. Expectations. It all balanced precariously on my shoulders,\par
moulding me into a quiet workaholic.\par
But at four a.m., in the kennels of the man who meant to kill me, I let it\par
all go.\par
I said goodbye to control. I waved farewell to everything that made me\par
live, but had also suffocated me, too. I didn\rquote t have photo shoots to worry\par
about anymore. I didn\rquote t have concerns on what to wear, where to be, how to\par
act.\par
All of that had been stolen. And there was no point crying or fighting\par
against it.\par
The moment I embraced the freedom of nothing, I stopped crying. My\par
headache left, and I drifted to sleep wrapped in the four legs of my new best\par
friend.\par
Squirrel nudged my hand, bringing me back to the present and the\par
waiting message from Kite. The past struggled to let me go, but I blinked,\par
dispelling my forlornness.\par
\ldblquote He wants to know where I am. What should I tell him?\rdblquote  I asked my\par
entourage of hounds.\par
Foxhounds to be exact. Their black, tan, and white coats became visible\par
as the sun rose, glinting off their glossy fur. Their silky ears slapped their\par
pretty heads as they lopped around the enclosure, waking up as the sun\par
grew brighter.\par
They didn\rquote t give me an answer.\par
Needle&Thread: Where I am right now doesn\rquote t matter because I\rquote m in a\par
fantasy with you. I\rquote m in your bed. Naked.\par
It was much better than the truth. I focused on the huge roller door. I\rquote d\par
checked last night to see if there was a way out, but of course, there wasn\rquote t.\par
Kite : You took a while to reply. Did you pleasure yourself?\par
Throwing myself back into Kite\rquote s sexual world, I replied.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m coming now. Both hands are between my legs,\par
feeling how wet I am. I\rquote m crying out your name over and over. The\par
neighbours might hear me I\rquote m so loud.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t tell him I released my tension by crying myself to sleep with you\par
in my arms.\rdblquote  Rubbing the head of Squirrel, I smiled. \ldblquote And don\rquote t tell him\par
I\rquote ve never had an orgasm.\rdblquote\par
The dog cocked his head, an expression of confusion on his face.\par
Kite : I like it when you talk dirty. Keep going. I have my cock in my\par
hand and want you to make me come.\par
My heart sped up. Reclining against the hay bale, I bit my lip. I\rquote d never\par
made anyone come. The drunken night of losing my virginity didn\rquote t count\par
because we were both so intoxicated it was a miracle he found the right\par
place to stick it in. After a few half-hearted thrusts, he\rquote d rolled off me to\par
throw up, and I\rquote d pulled up my knickers. I\rquote d been silently horrified at the\par
blood on the sheets.\par
The copious amounts of alcohol had stolen any pain I might\rquote ve felt\par
when he penetrated me. It\rquote d also stolen the rush of entering womanhood,\par
swapping it with age-old regret.\par
The night definitely hadn\rquote t been a success. Or the next day. Because no\par
matter how hard V tried to hide my hangover from Tex, he couldn\rquote t prevent\par
me from vomiting on my dad\rquote s shoes when he plucked me from my bed and\par
took me to the doctor.\par
I groaned in remembered embarrassment. \ldblquote He found out, you know.\rdblquote  I\par
scratched Squirrel behind his large ear. \ldblquote The doctor told him I\rquote d been taken\par
advantage of. We\rquote d used protection but it didn\rquote t stop the endless STI tests\par
or pregnancy exams.\rdblquote  Another hound slinked closer, plopping next to me,\par
looking for a scratch. \ldblquote That was the last time I was alone with a man other\par
than my dad or brother. Sad isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
The dog panted, looking as if I\rquote d told the world\rquote s best joke.\par
Maybe Tex prevented you from dating, so when they came for you it was\par
only his heart you broke\emdash not a husband or children.\par
The sudden thought stole my vision with horror.\par
Was the overprotectiveness to shield others? Had he kept me locked up\par
like some princess in a tower, all to stop me being my mother?\par
He\rquote d fallen in love with my mother.\par
They\rquote d had children young.\par
They\rquote d come for her.\par
I rubbed my chest, unable to stop the epiphany shedding my father in a\par
new light. Was it selfish of him to protect me from living, knowing I was\par
destined an early grave? Or merely a tragedy that he prevented others\par
enduring heartbreak by loving me.\par
Vaughn.\par
He would sense the moment my life was snuffed out. We were linked\par
more than spiritually\emdash but soul-glued and breath-bound. I\rquote d known when\par
he broke his collarbone from kayaking. He\rquote d known when I\rquote d dropped my\par
heavy Singer sewing machine onto my foot.\par
Linked.\par
Don\rquote t think about it. It hurt too damn much. Tears pricked my eyes but I\par
blinked them back, trying to remain in my false bubble of sexting. This was\par
all I had. I could flirt with Kite with complete safety, knowing I would\par
never be able to break his heart when the time came.\par
In a way, his fastidious request for distance protected him. And for that,\par
I was oddly grateful.\par
I smiled softly at Squirrel. \ldblquote If a drunken whoopsy daisy was my only\par
attempt at making a man come, how the hell am I supposed to do it via a\par
faceless message?\rdblquote\par
Be someone you\rquote re not. Pretend.\par
\ldblquote Fine.\rdblquote\par
Swiping at the dirty mixture of hay, dog hair, and dust from the blanket\par
Jethro had given me, I prepared to embrace my inner sex-kitten.\par
Needle&Thread: Imagine your hand is my hand. I\rquote m holding you firm,\par
tight. I\rquote m kneeling at your feet while you sit on a large chair. A throne. Your\par
hand wraps in my hair, pulling me forward. I obey because I know what\par
you\rquote re asking me to do. Your eyes don\rquote t ask, they tell, and I lower my head\par
into your lap. You\rquote re big. Smooth. Begging for my mouth.\par
My breath came faster; my mind playing out the fantasy in crystal\par
detail. The warmth I\rquote d been looking for spread from my core like a\par
tentative sunrise.\par
Kite : Fuck me, woman. Why haven\rquote t you been talking to me like that\par
all along? What was with the shy bullshit? Keep going. I\rquote m so damn hard. I\par
want your mouth so fucking much.\par
My skin broke out in goosebumps. The power. The approval. Kite was a\par
wanker, an arsehole, and a complete shallow prick, but he approved of me.\par
He wanted me.\par
Needle&Thread: You\rquote re holding your cock while I lick you once at the\par
very tip. You want me to swallow you, but you don\rquote t force me. Because you\par
know I\rquote m going to swallow every drop.\par
Kite : Did you taste it?\par
I frowned.\par
Needle&Thread: Taste what?\par
Kite : My precum. Fuck, I\rquote m so close. I\rquote m in your mouth. I\rquote m fucking\par
your lips. I\rquote m holding your hair as I drive so deep down your throat. What\par
do I taste like to you?\par
Needle&Thread: You taste...\par
\ldblquote Hell, I don\rquote t know.\rdblquote  Looking at the cluster of dogs, all watching me as\par
if they knew what I was up to, I swiped a hand over my face. \ldblquote What the hell\par
does a man taste like?\rdblquote\par
Needle&Thread: You taste of expensive liquor, making me drunk as you\par
come. Spilling over my lips, dripping down my chin. You don\rquote t want me\par
wasting a drop, so you capture the liquid on your thumb and push it back\par
into my mouth.\par
The instant I sent it, a chill darted in my blood.\par
Thumb. Mouths. Sucking.\par
Him.\par
My taste buds brought back the crisp taste of Jethro. His unyielding\par
hold on my chin as I licked his finger. He hadn\rquote t really had a taste. Just the\par
cold precision of stone. But having him dominate had given me the\par
permission to feel a flutter in my core, to not be embarrassed of wanting\par
more. Of becoming wet.\par
Kite : Fuck me. I haven\rquote t come like that in a while. It\rquote s all over me\emdash\par
splashed up my chest, sticking to me like glue. I like you like this, naughty\par
nun. You\rquote re more...relaxed.\par
My voice was soft. \ldblquote That\rquote s what happens when your life is no longer\par
your own and there\rquote s nothing you can do to control your future.\rdblquote\par
Squirrel yipped in agreement.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s also what you do to survive. You become different. You\par
change.\rdblquote\par
As much as I hated the Hawks, they\rquote d given me something I\rquote d been\par
searching for all my life.\par
My little kitten claws were growing, prickling. Still too new to scratch\par
with\emdash but there.\par
My battery flashed again and I knew this would be the last time I\rquote d have\par
the luxury of using it until Jethro let me charge.\par
Ignoring the emptiness inside and the sharp twinge of letting Kite use\par
me, I sent my last message.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m glad. I\rquote m licking you clean. I\rquote m drunk on\par
everything you\rquote ve given me. I\rquote ll be here for you when you next need a\par
release, but please...don\rquote t call me naughty nun anymore. Call me Needle.\par
\par
Jethro came for me at eleven a.m.\par
The horses across the yard were gone\emdash to do what, I had no clue. I\rquote d\par
spent an hour or so listening to the grooms prepare them and the comforting\par
clack of their metal shoes disappearing into the distance on cobblestones.\par
I pictured myself commandeering one and galloping away. Not that I\par
knew how to ride. I\rquote d never had time. Sewing had been my one obsession.\par
Squirrel and his gang of hounds had left not long after I finished\par
messaging Kite. A piercing whistle summoned and they\rquote d charged from the\par
kennel through a small dog-size exit down the back. I\rquote d tried to follow\emdash to\par
get free\emdash but it only opened if a coded collar was in range. A password\par
programmed to every dog allowing them access.\par
So, I\rquote d spent the remainder of my morning alone. Alone with thoughts I\par
flatly ignored.\par
It was odd to sit and do nothing. I had nowhere to rush off to. No emails\par
to reply to. No to-do list to attack. I was in limbo, just waiting for the man I\par
loathed to appear.\par
My stomach was a ball of knots wanting him to get it over with, whilst\par
my jangled heart wanted him to stay away forever. I\rquote d never felt so jumbled\par
inside.\par
Hunger pangs growled for food\emdash the empty ache only grew worse.\par
Jethro swung open the top partition of the barn door, leaving the bottom\par
closed. Resting his arms on the top, he nodded. \ldblquote Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
The sun took the liberty of bouncing into the gloomy kennel,\par
silhouetting Jethro. His face remained in shadow but his thick hair was wet\par
and messy from a shower.\par
He\rquote d shed his charcoal suit for a more casual grey shirt, the diamond\par
pin twinkling in his lapel. I\rquote d grown to recognize it as his signature piece,\par
linking him to whatever organisation his father ran.\par
Is it a gang? Did they rob and cheat and kill?\par
It wasn\rquote t my issue. I didn\rquote t care. I was the innocent party\emdash their\par
hostage.\par
I didn\rquote t return his greeting, deciding to stay bundled in my blanket and\par
glower.\par
Jethro sniffed impatiently, removing his arms from the door. He\par
unlocked the bottom partition, swinging it wide.\par
More sunshine entered, illuminating the bottom half of his wardrobe.\par
Dark jeans. Well-fitted jeans. Jeans that made him seem young and\par
approachable and normal.\par
My hands balled. Don\rquote t buy into the projection. There was nothing\par
normal about this man. Nothing sane or kind. I learned that last night\emdash\par
many times over. There would be no more begging from me. No more\par
pleading. It fell on deaf ears, and I was done.\par
Jethro snapped his fingers as if expecting me to heel. \ldblquote Get up. It\rquote s time\par
to begin.\rdblquote  Taking a threatening step into the kennel, he pursed his lips.\par
\ldblquote Shit, what did you do in your sleep? Roll around like the dogs?\rdblquote\par
I kept my lips pressed together, watching him in the silence he so\par
seemed to enjoy. When I didn\rquote t move, his face twisted, taking in my hayriddled hair and dirt-covered blanket. \ldblquote I won\rquote t tell you again. Get. Up.\rdblquote\par
I shrugged. It was liberating to no longer care. To no longer be captive\par
by the need to obey and jump to attention for fear of retribution. I meant\par
what I said to Kite. Everything inside me was gone. Locked down,\par
bunkered inside, ready to weather whatever war was coming.\par
Standing slowly, I placed my dead phone into my jacket pocket. Letting\par
the blanket fall off my hips, I brushed lingering lint off my clothes.\par
Jethro snapped his fingers again, and I moved willingly\emdash coasting to his\par
side exactly as he wanted.\par
He scowled, his gaze full of suspicion.\par
I gave him an empty smile. I\rquote d found salvation in not caring. It didn\rquote t\par
mean I had to pretend to like him. He wouldn\rquote t know that by trying to break\par
me last night, he only gave me a new avenue of strength.\par
I\rquote m ready.\par
For whatever he threw at me.\par
I\rquote ll survive.\par
Until I no longer needed to try.\par
Running my hands through my hair, I quickly gave up with the tangles\par
and focused on pinching some colour into my cheeks instead.\par
\ldblquote You think that will save you? Looking presentable?\rdblquote  His voice was\par
blizzard and snow.\par
I didn\rquote t say a word.\par
Jethro gritted his jaw. His hands curled beside his spread legs.\par
My muscles braced for punishment. The air shimmered with violence.\par
Jethro\rquote s hand suddenly shot out, capturing my throat. Without a sound,\par
he spun me around and marched me backward out of the kennel. The sun\par
kissed my skin, fanning the warmth I\rquote d tried so hard to keep hold of from\par
talking to Kite. I embraced it, hugging it close, so Jethro\rquote s ice didn\rquote t slice\par
me into pieces.\par
His fingers tightened around my neck, but I refused to claw at his hold.\par
I repay in kind. Whatever I did to him in self-defence, I\rquote d get back ten times\par
worse. But none of that mattered now, because I knew how to survive.\par
By being above them. By being untouchable on the inside, even while\par
they broke me on the outside.\par
\ldblquote You think you\rquote ve got it all figured out, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  His arm hoisted me\par
onto the tips of my toes. Breathing was difficult, not fighting was\par
impossible, but I permitted it. All I did was stare silently into his golden\par
eyes.\par
\ldblquote I understand what you\rquote re doing.\rdblquote  He smiled. \ldblquote But mark my words.\par
You won\rquote t win.\rdblquote  Shaking me, he unwound his fingers, then smoothed the\par
front of his jeans. The sun gleamed on the gold buckle of his belt.\par
My stomach clenched, but I held my ground. \ldblquote Mark my words. I will\par
win. Because I am right and you are wrong.\rdblquote\par
Jethro seethed, silence thick between us.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re so high and mighty, aren\rquote t you, Ms. Weaver? So sure you\rquote re the\par
one in the right. What if I told you, your ancestors were scum? What if I\par
showed you proof of their corruptibility and eagerness to hurt others in their\par
chase for wealth?\rdblquote\par
Lies. All lies.\par
My family tree was impeccable. I came from honest and good and\par
hardworking stock. Didn\rquote t I?\par
I ignored my rushing heartbeat.\par
Jethro stepped closer, crowding me. \ldblquote The things your family did to\par
mine sicken me. So continue on your quest believing you\rquote re pure, because\par
in a few hours you\rquote ll know the truth. In a few hours, you\rquote ll realise we aren\rquote t\par
the bad guys\emdash it\rquote s you.\rdblquote\par
My throat closed up. I didn\rquote t think he could say anything to crumble my\par
fortress so soon, but every word was a carefully planted spade, digging at\par
my foundation until I stood on crumbling ground.\par
My eyes danced over his, trying to decipher the truth.\par
Were my bloodlines tarnished with crimes I didn\rquote t know about? My\par
father hadn\rquote t exactly been forthcoming with our history, apart from telling\par
us our family had always been involved in weaving and textiles. It was how\par
we were granted the last name Weaver. Just like the Bakers, and the Butlers,\par
and every other trade that dictated their last names. \par
Jethro chuckled. \ldblquote Don\rquote t believe me?\rdblquote  His hands landed on my\par
shoulders, pushing me backward. I stumbled, wincing as my spine collided\par
with the bricked wall of the kennel.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t believe your forefathers were sentenced to death by hanging for\par
what they did to mine?\rdblquote  His gaze latched onto my mouth. \ldblquote Don\rquote t believe\par
you\rquote re alive because the Hawks granted them mercy in return for a few\par
signatures on a few debts?\rdblquote\par
His voice dropped, sending a constellation of warning over my skin.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t believe I\rquote m fully within my right to do whatever I damn well please\par
to you?\rdblquote\par
His touch seared through my jacket and maxi dress, sending unwanted\par
intensity down my arms.\par
Do I believe it? Could I believe it? That everything I understood of this\par
situation was reversed?\par
Mind games. Illusions. All designed to trip me up.\par
Shaking my head, I snapped, \ldblquote No. I don\rquote t believe it.\rdblquote  My blood pressure\par
exploded, thundering in my ears. His focus was absolute, and it burned, oh\par
how it burned. \ldblquote Nothing you say will make you the victim in this situation.\par
Nothing you show me will make this permissible. You think I believe a\par
ludicrous debt that you say is over six hundred years old. Wake up! Nothing\par
like that would hold up in a court of law these days. I don\rquote t care that you\rquote ve\par
staged my disappearance, or following my family with a loaded pistol. I\par
don\rquote t believe any of this, and I certainly don\rquote t believe you have anything\par
law abiding on your side.\rdblquote\par
Jethro scowled, but I continued my tyrant.\par
\ldblquote All I believe is you\rquote re a bunch of sick and twisted men who made up\par
some bullshit excuse to make themselves feel justified while tearing other\rquote s\par
lives apart. Show me where you have the right to own me. No one has that\par
right. No one!\rdblquote\par
He chuckled, gold eyes growing dark. His body language switched from\par
stand-offish to oozing with sexual innuendo. It was like watching a glacier\par
melt, shedding winter for volcanic heat.\par
\ldblquote I like it when you\rquote re feisty. Your whole perception of the world is\par
warped. You live in a fairytale, princess, and I\rquote m about to destroy it.\rdblquote\par
His shoulders softened, lips parting; his gaze caressed my face to land\par
on my mouth. \ldblquote You think we don\rquote t have men in high places? Men who\par
make what we say absolute law? You think we got to the level of standing\par
in society or the obscene amount of wealth we have by not using the very\par
same law you think will protect you for our gain?\rdblquote\par
His voice whispered over me, threading with his heady scent of woods\par
and leather. \ldblquote So stupid, Ms. Weaver. We own more than your family. We\par
own everything and everyone. Our word is unbreakable. And we have\par
proof.\rdblquote\par
He leaned in; the violence he emitted switched to dangerous lust,\par
buffeting me harder against the wall. His eyes were rivers of fire,\par
annihilating my argument, dragging me under his spell. \ldblquote You think I can\rquote t\par
make you do what I want?\rdblquote\par
I sucked in a breath.\par
He\rquote d never looked at me like that. Never given any hint he might find\par
anything about me exciting. He treated me like a leper. He looked at me as\par
if I were a different species\emdash a species not evolved enough to warrant his\par
sexual attention.\par
But that\rquote d changed.\par
His interest trapped me, consuming me better than threats and tightly\par
restrained anger. This was unexplored territory. Lust and attraction and\par
flirting were terrifying, because I was the novice and he was the expert.\par
I couldn\rquote t fight against something that made me feel.\par
Jethro\rquote s nostrils flared, fingers twitching on my shoulders. His voice\par
lowered to a husky whisper\emdash a whisper best suited for seduction. \ldblquote You\par
think you deserve a life built on other\rquote s blood? You think you\rquote re worthy?\rdblquote\par
The rhythm and volume turned the horrible questions into a poem rather\par
than curse.\par
Don\rquote t fall for it. Don\rquote t let him win.\par
He was already winning. He spun a tale of a lethal, unstoppable force.\par
His family\rquote s legacy somehow granted him police approval, government\par
blind-eyes, and the right over life and death.\par
Who gave him that right?\par
I still couldn\rquote t believe it. But it didn\rquote t stop my legs shifting, pressing\par
together, trying to alleviate the strange ache building with every moment.\par
Our fighting coaxed my unseen claws to grow a little more. My temper\par
made my legs firmer; my vision clearer. My body unknowingly found a\par
cure from dreaded vertigo, all while embracing anger and rage.\par
Jethro noticed my tension, stroking my shoulders as if I were a skittish\par
prey. \ldblquote We\rquote re simple creatures, Ms. Weaver. I know what\rquote s happening to\par
you.\rdblquote  He smiled gently, his gold eyes attempting to look soft, but unable to\par
hide the steel beneath. \ldblquote Your skin is hot. You\rquote re breathing faster.\rdblquote\par
He ducked his head, murmuring, \ldblquote You like this. You like being pushed\par
past your limits.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote You\rquote re wrong. There\rquote s nothing about you that I like.\rdblquote\par
He sighed, his gaze whispering over my mouth. \ldblquote Lying won\rquote t work. I\par
know you\rquote re growing wet for me, wanting me.\rdblquote  His touch morphed from\par
menacing to lightning, sending a rain of sparks through my blood. \ldblquote Want to\par
know how I know? Because I taste it in the air. I smell it all around you. I\par
feel it.\rdblquote\par
My lips parted. My chest rose and fell, increasing faster and faster. I\par
couldn\rquote t look away; I couldn\rquote t push him away. I couldn\rquote t do anything but\par
revel in the intoxicating, melting, glowing, sparking need building rapidly\par
in my core.\par
Closing my eyes, I swallowed hard, trying so hard to dispel the sick and\par
twisted desire he conjured. \ldblquote I\rquote m\emdash I\rquote m not.\rdblquote\par
He ran his thumbs over my shoulders, following my collarbone with\par
infinite softness. \ldblquote You\rquote re not?\rdblquote  he breathed. \ldblquote You\rquote re not feeling the rush of\par
lust or the knowledge you\rquote d throw all your rules away for\par
just...one...little...taste?\rdblquote  His lips came so close to mine, pulling away in the\par
ultimate tease.\par
Yes. No. I don\rquote t know.\par
I\rquote d lost control of my body, hurtling straight for a cataclysm where\par
everything was hot and sharp and intense.\par
I didn\rquote t have an answer. I didn\rquote t know what he wanted.\par
He\rquote s fucking with your mind. That\rquote s all he\rquote s doing.\par
His thumbs stroked higher, smoothing away the bruises he\rquote d caused on\par
my neck. \ldblquote Tell me you\rquote re not wet for me. Say it.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head, willing the words to come. \ldblquote I\rquote m not. I\rquote m...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Jethro murmured.\par
The ache grew stronger, sending a rush of dampness against my\par
knickers. My body didn\rquote t care this was a monster. My body didn\rquote t care\par
about the future. All it cared about was curbing the intolerable need.\par
Opening my heavy eyes, I said, \ldblquote I\rquote m not wet. Not for you.\rdblquote\par
My hands balled, fighting against the thick intoxication. I couldn\rquote t let\par
him steal the warmth from Kite. He\rquote d already turned the small flame into an\par
out of control inferno, cindering my morals, turning my hatred to ash. I\par
couldn\rquote t fall into his web\emdash he\rquote d eat me alive.\par
But, one kiss...would it be so wrong?\par
To take something from him when he\rquote d already taken so much from\par
me?\par
I swayed closer, unconsciously seeking everything he dangled before\par
me. I wasn\rquote t equipped to play these games. I was na\f0\'efve and woefully\par
unprepared for combat where lust was used as the weapon.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a little liar, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  He dropped one hand from my\par
shoulders, tracing my contours until he captured my hip, the other skated\par
upward, cupping my cheek. Every millimetre he travelled sent sparks along\par
my skin unlike anything I\rquote d ever felt before.\par
His tongue appeared, licking his lips. \ldblquote You want this.\rdblquote  His knee nudged\par
against mine, forcing my legs to spread. \ldblquote You want something you know\par
you shouldn\rquote t.\rdblquote  With seamless authority, he pressed against me, tilting his\par
hips into mine.\par
I shivered. Hating him. Lusting for him. Hating myself. Loving the\par
forbidden rush.\par
The reasons for our fight flew away on soundless wings, leaving me\par
with no argument against the swelling swollen ache.\par
\ldblquote All that separates my cock from your pussy is a few fragile pieces of\par
clothing.\rdblquote  He drove upward, grinding himself punishingly. \ldblquote You won\rquote t stop\par
me.\rdblquote  There was no space, no secrets\f1\emdash our bodies glued together.\par
My mind went blank with sheer-numbing pleasure. I felt every ridge\par
and contour of him. From the pressure of his shoe against mine to the hot\par
heat in his jeans growing larger every second.\par
You know what he intends to do. Stop this, I screamed at my betraying\par
body. But it replied in force with a clenching ripple, turning my legs to\par
jelly. \par
I held my breath. His hard body was as unmovable as the wall I stood\par
trapped against. His ripped stomach pressed against mine.\par
I wasn\rquote t cushy or curvy. I had no feminine attributes\emdash I\rquote d exercised\par
away any hope at softness.\par
But it only amplified the intensity.\par
There was nothing to cushion the firmness of bones and sinew and\par
craving flesh. It was visceral. All consuming.\par
\ldblquote Tell me again you\rquote re not wet for me.\rdblquote  His hooded eyes imprisoned\par
mine. \ldblquote Tell me another lie.\rdblquote\par
I tried to look away, but he thrust again, enticing another ripple of\par
pleasure. I hadn\rquote t planned on being the innocent girl. The stuck-up princess\par
who never self-pleasured or enjoyed men. I hated that I came across\par
priggish, uptight, and repressed. Those traits were a hazard of my\par
upbringing, and I desperately wanted to turn them into weapons.\par
I wanted to use them as effortlessly as Jethro wielded his wintery\par
charisma.\par
My body knew what it wanted. It wanted a release. It wanted to satiate\par
and be sated. And it didn\rquote t give a flying arse who granted the freedom of\par
the mysterious orgasm. I knew who Jethro was\emdash I knew this was all a game\par
to him. But why couldn\rquote t two people play? Why did I have to justify his\par
touch as bad when it was so amazingly good?\par
Death was coming. Shouldn\rquote t I try to live before I died?\par
For once in my life.\par
Be true and honest and raw.\par
Why can\rquote t I use him? Just once be the bad girl and use the monster. Win\par
by not fighting. Be stronger by giving in.\par
My pussy grew bolder, taking my unvoiced permission and growing\par
wet, greedy, eager to experience the cock pressed firmly against me.\par
I...can\rquote t.\par
You can.\par
I...won\rquote t.\par
You will.\par
Jethro ducked, nipping my jaw with sharp teeth.\par
I unlocked my chastity belt, and melted into him. I arched my back,\par
deliberately pressing my breasts against his chest.\par
His seduction lost the calculating edge, his breath went from calm to\par
uneven.\par
Something new broke free inside. Some level of embarrassment of sex\par
\emdash the unapproved thoughts of being used\emdash disappeared. I was a business\par
woman. A daughter. A sister. The fantasies inside weren\rquote t the thoughts of a\par
puritan.\par
Deep inside, where I never let myself go, a sexual deviant lurked. A\par
woman who was bold and angry. A woman beyond ready to admit she\rquote d\par
hidden so much of herself\emdash even from herself.\par
Jethro\rquote s hand moved to grab the back of my neck. His hips pulsed; his\par
heart thudded hard, vibrating our tightly pressed forms.\par
I shivered in his hold, giving in completely to the clench between my\par
legs.\par
\ldblquote Answer me. Tell me the truth.\rdblquote  His mint-fresh breath fluttered my\par
eyelashes as he hovered possessively over my lips. Only a tiny space\par
between a tease and a kiss. Only a fraction between right and wrong.\par
Do it. Accept it.\par
He paused, murmuring into my mouth, \ldblquote Tell me a secret. A dirty, dark\par
secret. Admit you want me. Admit you want your mortal enemy.\rdblquote\par
I admit it.\par
\ldblquote I won\rquote t.\rdblquote  My heartbeat switched from thumping to humming; my skin\par
prickled with heat.\par
I hated him. I wanted to kill him before he killed me. But I couldn\rquote t\par
ignore the overwhelming attraction he\rquote d created. And it wasn\rquote t just me\par
affected. His breathing turned ragged; his fingers dug deeper with need.\par
Every pulse of his hips drew a quickening in my core. I couldn\rquote t control it. I\par
didn\rquote t want to control it. I was done controlling my life.\par
I\rquote m free.\par
The longer we stood, the further we blurred the lines between debtor\par
and debtee. Weaver and Hawk. In that tiny moment, we were each other\rquote s\par
answer to freedom. A mind-blistering coupling that would surely ruin me\par
for life. But at least I would\rquote ve lived.\par
I looked deep into Jethro\rquote s burning eyes, transmitting everything I\par
suffered. I hate you for making me acknowledge this part of myself.\par
His face tightened; his body slammed harder against mine. Whispering\par
his lips over my cheek, bringing them low, lower, lower, the tip of his\par
tongue tasted the corner of my mouth.\par
My world disintegrated with an ecliptic bang.\par
I trembled, eyes snapping closed on their own accord.\par
His hand on my hip shot downward, disappearing between our bodies.\par
I gasped, jolting in his hold as his fingers scrunched up my dress,\par
shoving it out of the way as if it were nothing. My gasp turned to a ragged\par
moan as he cupped me bold and strong. My gaze flew wide, locking onto\par
his.\par
Never had something felt so good. So bad. So intensely delicious.\par
His gold eyes turned to a burnt sunset, filling with fire as he fingered\par
my knickers. \ldblquote Do you think you\rquote re so perfect you wouldn\rquote t scream my\par
name? Do you think you\rquote d be able to say no if I dragged you into the\par
kennel and fucked you?\rdblquote  His fingers bit into my pussy, hot and punishing.\par
\ldblquote Because I want to. Fuck, how I want to. I want your screams. I want you\par
begging.\rdblquote\par
I lost myself completely, throwing myself into this new creation. The\par
one who had the power to do this and still retain her heart. The one who\par
would give Jethro her body because she wanted it. Not him.\par
His fingers scattered my thoughts, probing against the thin satin of my\par
underwear. His touch was electrifying. I wanted more. I wanted everything.\par
I stepped off the cliff. \ldblquote No. I\rquote m not so perfect. And yes, I would\par
scream.\rdblquote  Clawing at his shoulders, I forced myself deeper onto his hand.\par
\ldblquote You think I\rquote m immune? You think I\rquote m dry and repulsed by you?\rdblquote\par
Dragging him closer, I murmured, \ldblquote You couldn\rquote t be more wrong.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s nostrils flared. His fingers twitched as he narrowed his eyes.\par
\ldblquote You think you can confuse me?\rdblquote\par
I pressed a finger against his mouth. \ldblquote Shut up.\rdblquote\par
His eyes popped wide; he growled low in his chest. His lips pulled back,\par
revealing sharp teeth.\par
I didn\rquote t remove my finger. I was in charge. I was the one taking. \ldblquote My\par
heart hates you, but my body....I\rquote m drenched. I\rquote m begging. So stop your\par
endless questions. Stop taunting me and deliver.\rdblquote\par
Kite flew into my mind, then was gone. I\rquote d surpassed awkward sexting,\par
embracing physical coyness.\par
The world paused for a millisecond.\par
Jethro sucked in a shocked breath. Then his hand left my pussy, tore the\par
small stitches holding my knickers in place, and drove one finger so damn\par
deep inside me, I did what I said I would.\par
I screamed.\par
My head fell back, smashing against the wall. My heart exploded into a\par
mess of passion and rage.\par
Oh, God. Oh, God.\par
My mouth sucked in air, but it didn\rquote t stop the swirling, blinding need\par
stealing my remaining sanity, giving me completely and utterly to Jethro. I\par
cried inside. I wailed inside. I wished I could be different. Someone not so\par
deprived of her animalistic needs. Someone who could scream and call for\par
help. Not someone who tilted their hips and moaned at the curses spilling\par
from Jethro\rquote s lips. Not someone who gripped the man who tore her from\par
her world and opened her legs wider.\par
But then Jethro touched a spot that made my muscles lock and a need so\par
violent to seize. I grabbed his wrist, forcing him to take me harder. My tears\par
turned to joy, writhing on Jethro\rquote s hand.\par
\ldblquote Fuck. Me.\rdblquote  His voice was sex-gruffed and so low it echoed over\par
cobblestones. \ldblquote Who the hell are you?\rdblquote  His finger worked me, pulsating\par
deep inside.\par
I opened my legs as wide as I could. I gave up on everything, embracing\par
the simplicity of being a sexually starved creature.\par
This wasn\rquote t making love. This wasn\rquote t even fucking. This was war. And\par
hell it felt good.\par
Digging my fingernails into his shoulders, I jerked him closer. \ldblquote Harder.\rdblquote\par
Jethro groaned, and in a twist of fate\emdash obeyed. His finger drove so deep\par
his knuckles nudged against my swollen flesh. His thumb swirled around\par
my clit, smearing wetness, taking me to ever new heights.\par
I turned to stone before detonating into tiny pieces. Every inch of my\par
thoughts, emotions, and reactions were stolen by his mind-blowing touch. I\par
hadn\rquote t felt anything like it.\par
Guilt tried to claim me, reminding me this was the man who ruined my\par
life. But lust quickly devoured the guilt, turning it to raging passion.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re so fucking tight,\rdblquote  he growled, thrusting his finger harder.\par
I felt as if I\rquote d not been living. As if my world was dark and Jethro was\par
the sun bringing me nutrition I never knew I needed.\par
A painful pressure burned as he tried to fit two fingers inside me.\par
I flinched, rocking my hips away. \ldblquote Stop\emdash\rdblquote\par
He paused, then removed the second digit, driving a single finger deep,\par
dragging me back to willing. \ldblquote You\rquote re a virgin. The rumours were true.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No?\rdblquote  He grabbed my chin, holding me firm, driving his finger harder. I\par
cried out, letting my head loll on my useless neck with bliss. \ldblquote How are you\par
this tight and not a virgin?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Once. I only\emdash\rdblquote  I stopped, consumed with every pulse of Jethro\rquote s\par
finger. \ldblquote I\rquote m\emdash\rdblquote\par
I gave up.\par
I was completely illiterate.\par
\ldblquote If you\rquote re not a virgin, prove it.\rdblquote  His fingers tightened around my chin.\par
\ldblquote Pull out my cock.\rdblquote\par
My mind blanked out. I hung onto the precipice of my good girl ways\par
before throwing myself head first into a woman who would do anything to\par
feel alive.\par
\ldblquote Pull out my cock, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  He thrust against me, battering me\par
with the hardness in his jeans.\par
My eyes flared wide. My stomach hollowed out at the same time it\par
swooped upright as he thrust his finger.\par
\ldblquote Goddammit,\rdblquote  he growled. \ldblquote Do it. I\rquote m not going to come in my jeans\par
like an idiot.\rdblquote\par
Would he fuck me? If I took out his cock, would he take me?\par
Sex? With him?\par
I...\par
I couldn\rquote t have sex with him. This cold-hearted monster. But my raging\par
heart and bubbling blood said yes. God, yes. \par
Shutting off my thoughts, I dropped my hands from his shoulders and\par
fumbled with the buckle of his belt.\par
The hardness of his erection burned my fingertips. Jethro didn\rquote t help my\par
concentration, driving his touch deeper. \ldblquote Hurry up. I need your sweet\par
fingers jerking me off. Goddammit, I don\rquote t know\emdash\rdblquote  His voice cut off as I\par
undid his button and zipper.\par
I gasped as his cock sprang out, escaping the top of his grey boxerbriefs. He shuddered, groaning in relief. The tip glistened with wetness,\par
slightly red, slightly swollen.\par
My eyes grew wide, fear chasing away the lust in my veins. I looked up,\par
swallowing hard. \ldblquote You\rquote re...I can\rquote t\emdash\rdblquote\par
He scowled. \ldblquote Too late to back out now, woman.\rdblquote  Grabbing my hand, he\par
placed it roughly around his thick, hard massive cock. I had no experience\par
to go on, but he would never fit inside me. He wouldn\rquote t fit inside any\par
woman.\par
\ldblquote Shut up and stroke me.\rdblquote\par
I opened my mouth, unable to form words. \ldblquote It can\rquote t\emdash there\rquote s no way\emdash\rdblquote\par
In a lightning fast move, he jerked his finger from my core, smearing\par
my dampness on my cheek as he pinched me hard. \ldblquote You\rquote re out of excuses,\par
Ms. Weaver. You were the one who started this. You\rquote re the one who rode\par
my finger as if you\rquote d never come before.\rdblquote  His voice dropped to a dark\par
whisper. \ldblquote So shut up, wrap those little fingers around my cock and stroke\par
me; otherwise, I swear to God I\rquote ll throw you on your hands and knees and\par
fuck your tight little cunt right here.\rdblquote\par
My heart lurched. There wouldn\rquote t be anything erotic about that. It\par
would hurt. He would split me in two.\par
Biting my lip, I cupped the exposed head, spreading the sticky residue\par
at the top down his hot shaft. Locking eyes with Jethro, I pushed my hand\par
into his boxers, following his long, long length.\par
His eyes snapped closed as my timid fingers latched round him.\par
\ldblquote Fuuuuck,\rdblquote  he groaned. His forehead smashed against mine, hips pulsating\par
into my hand. \ldblquote Stop taunting me. Harder, goddammit.\rdblquote\par
That was asking for the impossible. I couldn\rquote t get my fingers to connect\par
around his girth. My grip was useless around the throbbing heat\emdash the only\par
hot part of him. Holding my breath, I wrapped my hold as hard as I could.\par
Jethro grunted. \ldblquote Squeeze it. Stop being a fucking tease. Was I teasing\par
you?\rdblquote  His hand suddenly disappeared up my dress again, his middle finger\par
thrusting so hard and quick inside me, he sent a galaxy of stars exploding\par
behind my eyes.\par
Then he glided upward, smearing the wetness around my clit. My legs\par
tried to scissor closed; all my attention shot between my legs.\par
I went rigid. Having him touch me was amazing. Having him rub that\par
small bundle of nerves was incredible.\par
\ldblquote Return the favour, Ms. Weaver. Make me come. Right here. Right now.\par
And I'll drive you so wild, you\rquote ll beg and never want anyone else.\rdblquote\par
Coming. The blissful end of sex. Was that what the sharp sensation\par
was? Growing tighter and tighter in my core? If it was, I wanted to come.\par
Badly.\par
Winding my fingers as tight as possible around his girth, I squeezed\par
until a jagged pain erupted down my palm. I didn\rquote t have the strength. I\par
didn\rquote t know what to do. Did I just squeeze and let him thrust into my hand?\par
What else was expected?\par
With a low growl, Jethro stopped stroking my clit. He turned to granite.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s your idea of making me come?\rdblquote\par
I swallowed, jerking my hand away. The thrill of being touched and\par
touching faded, rapidly replaced with despair. \ldblquote I\rquote m\emdash yes...uh.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote For fuck\rquote s sake.\rdblquote  Rolling his eyes, he removed his hand from between\par
my legs and stepped back. With a grunt, he yanked his trousers back into\par
place, but not before I caught a glimpse of just how huge his cock was. It\par
was flawlessly straight, veiny, silky, so proud and rigid\emdash just like its owner.\par
It terrified me.\par
\ldblquote Fuck, what was I thinking? You\rquote re useless. Completely useless.\rdblquote\par
Buckling his belt, he ran his hands through his hair, smearing the lingering\par
wetness from me through his silvering strands. \ldblquote Huge disappointment, Ms.\par
Weaver.\rdblquote  His cold glare sent a snowstorm wiping away the bonfire in my\par
belly. \ldblquote I\rquote m done playing games, so cut the bullshit. Time to begin the day.\rdblquote\par
His voice gave no room for interpretation. A cold draft shot down my back.\par
My brief reprieve from debts and horrible Hawks was over. I\rquote d been\par
shown something I desperately wanted, but was denied it because I failed to\par
please him.\par
\ldblquote You could teach me...show me how...\rdblquote  I couldn\rquote t make eye contact\par
with him. Mortification painted my cheeks for both admitting I was clueless\par
and asking a monster to coach me.\par
Jethro laughed. \ldblquote You think that will save you from what\rquote s coming? Was\par
that your little plan? To make me fuck you in the hopes I might feel\par
something for you?\rdblquote  He shook his head. \ldblquote I\rquote m not teaching you anything\emdash\par
especially how to jerk me off. As you told me once\emdash Google that shit\emdash but\par
it won\rquote t do you any good, because next time...I won\rquote t need your hand to\par
come.\rdblquote\par
My breath caught in my throat.\par
My heart hung heavy and I shivered. The sun crept behind a cloud,\par
leaving us in haunting shadows.\par
Jethro stood glaring, the outline of his erection visible in his jeans. But\par
there was no hint of the lust he\rquote d suffered, or the passion that blazed\par
between us only seconds before. His unfeeling eyes burned a hole straight\par
into my soul, condemning me for my past treasons and present failures. The\par
longer he stared, the more he undermined my carefully built fortress.\par
I couldn\rquote t stand the intensity any longer. The humiliation of standing\par
there unwanted, slightly used, and entirely frustrated. With shaking hands, I\par
smoothed down my dress and pushed away from the wall. Without a word,\par
I flicked my hair over my shoulder and skirted around him. With confident\par
steps, I left him behind, heading toward the manor.\par
He\rquote ll chase. He\rquote ll hunt.\par
I expected to land on my face from a carefully planned strike. I waited\par
for vertigo to steal my quiet assurance and spiral me to the ground. But\par
nothing happened.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t pounce, and I didn\rquote t fall.\par
I was steady for the first time in my life.\par
My world continued even though I\rquote d been thrown off my axis and into a\par
brand new realm. A realm where sex beckoned like the Holy Grail and my\par
self-hatred magnified a thousand fold.\par
My empty stomach threatened to steal the remaining strength in my\par
limbs, but I kept going, ignoring my body\rquote s protests, walking like a good\par
little animal to the slaughter.\par
I didn\rquote t think I was about to enjoy my penance of being a Weaver.\par
Balling my hands, I made a promise. A promise I hoped would grant me\par
strength for the coming days.\par
They can\rquote t touch me. I\rquote m not Nila or Threads. I\rquote m done being weak.\par
My heart swelled as I crested the hill, staring at Hawksridge Hall in all\par
its glory. I shed my kitten baby-fur and embraced a new pelt. One that filled\par
me with fight. One that embraced the elongating claws I\rquote d begun to grow.\par
I was no longer protected by tigers but forced to become one.\par
I\rquote m Needle, and I will survive.\f0\par
Jethro.\lang9\par
CONTROL.\par
I loved it.\par
I wielded it.\par
I owned it.\par
But that little Weaver broke my control, turning me into nothing more\par
than a sex-driven idiot. She\rquote d made me throw my decorum, calmness, and\par
carefully laid plans out the goddamn window.\par
Her timid fingers. Her fluttering breaths. They\rquote d been more of a turn on\par
than the most experienced of lovers. She was so fucking pure she choked on\par
a halo.\par
And to ask me to teach her? Granting me power by evolving this\par
virginal creature into anything I damn well wanted?\par
It was temptation.\par
It was not fucking permitted.\par
She was mine to take from. Mine to share.\par
I refused to train her, because in the end I would be the one delivering\par
the killing blow. She wouldn\rquote t succeed in dragging me into whatever game\par
she played.\par
I breathed hard, even now struggling to find my beloved coldness. I\par
needed an icy shower. I need to teach her a fucking lesson\f1\emdash that\rquote s what I\par
need.\par
A knock snapped my head up. I spun in place, trading the view of the\par
front gardens to glare at my father. The man who\rquote d taught me how to be the\par
master of my emotions. How to rein in the uncouth part of ourselves and be\par
ruthless with silence. He\rquote d taught me the most\emdash beaten me the most\emdash and I\par
was his favourite.\par
Thank God there were no cameras by the stables\emdash if he saw how far I\par
fell, his disappointment would bring repercussions. Big repercussions.\par
My father popped his head into the \lquote Buzzard Room\rquote  named for the\par
hand-stencilled wallpaper of hunting buzzards and the mounted carcasses of\par
ducks, swans, and small birds.\par
It was also the room I\rquote d picked for Nila. This would be her quarters\emdash a\par
room stinking of death and decay.\par
She\rquote d somehow won the lesson I wanted to teach her at the kennels.\par
She\rquote d managed to make me trade control for the promise of sex. It had\par
worked.\par
It. Would. Not. Work. Again.\par
I pitied her really. She\rquote d shown me so much in that brief moment. She\par
was hungry. She was hidden. And she was so damn vulnerable it made me\par
smile to think of her illusions. She thought she could outsmart us.\par
Us?\par
Diamond merchants, biker royalty, and proven masters of the Weaver\rquote s\par
fate.\par
Stupid, stupid girl.\par
I nodded at my father. \ldblquote Cut.\rdblquote\par
His grey goatee bristled. \ldblquote Bring her into the dining room when she\rquote s\par
ready. Everyone\rquote s gathered.\rdblquote  He puffed on a giant cigar, wearing a tweed\par
waistcoat and trousers complete with a leather jacket from the Black\par
Diamonds. He looked an enigma of motorcycle world and English\par
aristocracy.\par
I nodded again.\par
He left without a goodbye, and I moved to sit on the seventeenth\par
century hand-carved brooding chair. A chair made for men and only men.\par
Complete with ashtray, newspaper stand, and heavy, dark brocade designed\par
with our family crest.\par
Ten minutes later, the door to the ensuite bathroom opened, revealing a\par
freshly showered Nila. Her long black hair draped like ink on her naked\par
shoulders. She looked younger, innocent without the heavy makeup\par
smeared from last night. Her eyes were bigger, like black unhappy pools\par
whilst her skin glowed a natural dusky tan.\par
I\rquote d seen her in magazines. I\rquote d run a fingertip over her snapshot in the\par
fashion columns, but never found her attractive. She didn\rquote t have breasts.\par
She always stood like a fading shadow next to her brother and looked too\par
prim and stuck up.\par
She was nothing to me.\par
Then why did I almost come while fingering her?\par
My mouth watered, remembering the wildness lurking beneath that uptight-virgin bluff.\par
I swallowed, battling the blood rushing to my dick. The way she rode\par
my hand\emdash fuck.\par
Then I laughed. Out loud.\par
Waving at her tiny hands clutching the towel, I said, \ldblquote I see your fingers\par
are capable of holding something.\rdblquote  My head cocked. \ldblquote Do I need to remind\par
you what a disappointment earlier was?\rdblquote\par
She was nothing to me before, and she would remain nothing to me.\par
And after this afternoon, there would be no way in hell she\rquote d ever let me\par
touch her again.\par
Which was perfect, because the next time wouldn\rquote t be for pleasure. It\par
would be for pain. And permission would take the control away.\par
She froze, locking her knees. The heavy cloud when she suffered a\par
stupid balance attack swirled in her eyes. Sucking in a breath, she said\par
quietly, \ldblquote No, you don\rquote t. You\rquote ve told me countless of times. You\rquote ve made\par
me very aware of what you think of me, and I\rquote m sick of hearing it.\rdblquote\par
I took my time glancing down her body.\par
She didn\rquote t fidget or blush, which pissed me off. I wanted her nervous. I\par
wanted her terrified of what was to come.\par
I stood up slowly, clicking my tongue. \ldblquote Ah, ah, ah, Ms. Weaver. Don\rquote t\par
take that tone with me. You\rquote re the failure. You\rquote re the prisoner. You take\par
what I give you. You do not assume to have any say or authority. That\par
includes listening to everything I deem important to tell you.\rdblquote  Ghosting to a\par
stop in front of her, I murmured, \ldblquote Is that quite understood?\rdblquote\par
I flexed my muscles, welcoming back the soothing chillness of control.\par
I hadn\rquote t liked stepping outside my confines of civility. Things got messy\par
when silence was disrupted. Things got rushed when tempers rose and\par
curses flowed.\par
And I couldn\rquote t handle that.\par
Running a fingertip along her damp shoulder, I smiled at her flinch.\par
\ldblquote Did you do as I asked and wash your filth away?\rdblquote\par
Her lips pursed, anger glowing in her eyes. But she swallowed it down,\par
muting the light. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you leave your pussy alone? No trying to finish what I started?\rdblquote\par
Her head hung a little lower. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
My finger followed the contour of her shoulder, tracing down her arm.\par
She stood silently, hiding the wild creature from before, depicting quiet\par
sexuality and vulnerability. My mouth watered again, but it wasn\rquote t with\par
need to shove her against the wall and drive my dick inside her. No, it was\par
because I\rquote d never made someone with her skin colour bleed. Would her\par
blood be darker? Would it be a rich chocolate like her eyes?\par
I knew her family tree. I\rquote d studied it in preparation. Her bloodlines\par
weren\rquote t pure\emdash there was mixed race in her past. A blend of Spanish and\par
English. Another reason why Hawks were better. We were one hundred\par
percent English stock. Unsullied.\par
Nila looked into my eyes. Her skin broke out in goosebumps. \ldblquote Stop\par
whatever you\rquote re doing and let me get dressed. Where are my clothes?\rdblquote  She\par
clutched the silver towel harder, hiding everything but her longer than\par
average legs and tiny feet. \ldblquote I need to charge my phone. I want my suitcase.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t bother caring who\rquote d she\rquote d texted last night to drain her battery.\par
There would be no cavalry coming to her rescue\emdash of that I was completely\par
sure. \ldblquote You\rquote ll receive your belongings if you please us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Us?\rdblquote\par
Stepping back, I smoothed my shirt, taking my time in delivering the\par
truth. I hoped she\rquote d move away\emdash run even. But she locked her knees again,\par
standing firm on the thick mahogany carpet.\par
\ldblquote Yes. Us.\rdblquote  Holding out my palm, I waited. \ldblquote Take my hand.\rdblquote\par
She hesitated, hoisting her towel higher, her tiny fist jammed against her\par
small breasts.\par
I looked forward to making her obey, but then the aloofness I\rquote d briefly\par
witnessed in the kennels came over her features\emdash blotting out the fire,\par
turning her into an obedient robot.\par
Slowly she did as I requested, placing her slightly damp hand in mine.\par
The moment I had her, I marched across the bedroom floor. She gasped,\par
jerked into motion, her legs darting to keep up. Silently, I wrenched open\par
the door and stalked down the huge corridor, past shields and lances and\par
crossbows, to the end of the bachelor wing where the Black Diamond\par
brotherhood met once a week in a club meeting called the Gemstone.\par
This afternoon, it wasn\rquote t business being discussed. It was Nila.\par
This was her welcome luncheon.\par
A tradition unbroken for hundreds of years. An esteemed event that all\par
our brethren knew.\par
The day they all sample a Weaver.\par
Slamming my palm against the double doors, I jerked Nila into the\par
room. She wheeled to a stop, her face losing its colour in favour of snowy\par
white. I searched her features for fear. I hunted for terror, but I only\par
witnessed blank resignation.\par
Turning away from her, I focused on what she couldn\rquote t look away from.\par
Men.\par
Some smooth faced and young, others bearded and old. But they all had\par
something in common. They belonged to the Diamonds and were our most\par
trusted employees. Flaw, Fracture, and Cushion weren\rquote t present. Their task\par
was to watch Vaughn and Archibald Weaver from doing anything...reckless.\par
Nila struggled, trying to take her hand back. I clamped my fingers\par
around her, not giving an inch. \ldblquote Don\rquote t be rude, Ms. Weaver. Say hello and\par
be courteous. This is, after all, your welcome lunch.\rdblquote\par
She jolted, shying backward, testing my hold.\par
My father sat at the end of the extremely long table. The room was\par
huge. Decorated with gold-spun drapery and massive oil paintings of my\par
ancestors, it glittered with crystal chandeliers and silverware.\par
The paintings were of male Hawks only. The women of my family tree\par
were designated to another room. Still celebrated, but not nearly as\par
important. \par
Each artwork showed a man of distinguished wealth and intolerable\par
power. I\rquote d studied them in great length this past month, preparing for Nila\rquote s\par
arrival. My favourite was Owen Hawk.\par
I looked just like him.\par
Snapping his fingers, my father called the small murmurs of masculine\par
voices to attention. Pointing at Nila trembling beside me, he said, \ldblquote Brothers,\par
this woman will be our guest for the foreseeable future, and in honour of\par
her company, we have something special planned.\rdblquote\par
The men grinned, reclining in their chairs, ready for the show to begin.\par
The hiss and crackle of the log fire added a cheery background noise as\par
well as welcome heat to the cavernous room.\par
\ldblquote Jet, if you would be so kind as to make sure our guest is appropriately\par
attired.\rdblquote\par
Pleasure.\par
Tradition had begun.\par
Dropping Nila's hand, I moved toward the large side table that held\par
crockery, wine glasses, and decanters. The food that\rquote d been prepared by the\par
full kitchen in the other wing of the house waited on the matching sideboard\par
across the room. There were countless dishes, at least seven courses, but no\par
wait staff to present it.\par
I smiled.\par
That was where Ms. Weaver came in. Along with...other duties.\par
Gathering the items that were meant for Nila, I returned to her side. She\par
hadn\rquote t moved, but not from obedience. Two large men in leather cuts\par
blocked her way out. The moment I came back, she looked pleadingly into\par
my eyes.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t\emdash Jethro, don\rquote t make me.\rdblquote  She swallowed. \ldblquote Not so many. I can\rquote t\par
do\emdash\rdblquote\par
Snatching her arm, I spun her to the corner of the room, away from\par
hungry onlookers. \ldblquote You dare say no? Do you want this to be over?\rdblquote\par
She nodded rapidly. \ldblquote Yes. More than anything yes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fine. It\rquote s over. But you\rquote re sentenced to watch your father and brother\par
be slaughtered, along with the decimation of your family\rquote s business and\par
assets. It will be obliterated. Gone. Is that what you\rquote re willing to pay?\rdblquote\par
She squeezed her eyes in horror.\par
Didn\rquote t think so.\par
I never wanted to be that weak. That driven by compassion. I obeyed\par
my family. I accepted my position. But I would never let love dictate my\par
actions.\par
That wasn\rquote t what a Hawk did.\par
We were untouchable.\par
Taking the liberty of her lack of vision, I placed the first item on her\par
head. A sexy, frilly maid\rquote s cap. It perched on her head, gracing her damp\par
black hair like a sad crown.\par
Her head dipped, shielding her eyes. Her body convulsed, trying hard to\par
maintain the blankness she thought would be her salvation.\par
Tugging her hands, I muttered, \ldblquote Let go of the towel.\rdblquote\par
She cowered away.\par
Growling under my breath, I wrapped an arm around her waist, holding\par
her firm. \ldblquote Don\rquote t make me ask again. You\rquote re not new to this game. Let go of\par
the towel.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes flew wide, fighting my hold. \ldblquote No!\rdblquote\par
Goddammit, she tested me. A headache brewed behind my eyes. I\par
sighed. \ldblquote Make me ask you one more time. Go on...\rdblquote\par
She froze, breathing hard. A battle broke out between us. I should never\par
have let her get away with what she pulled at the stables. She thought I\rquote d\par
softened. She thought I\rquote d be lenient. If anything, she\rquote d proven my errors\par
and I\rquote d go above and beyond to ensure I didn\rquote t falter again.\par
Ever.\par
She had to learn that the day granted hope and happiness, but I stole it.\par
She had to face that the night hid evil and darkness, but my soul was\par
blacker.\par
There would be no winning. None.\par
We didn\rquote t speak, but our eyes shouted, wrapping us tight with unsaid\par
tension.\par
Finally, she lowered her chin in defeat. Her death grip on the fluffy\par
material loosened, allowing it to flutter to the floor.\par
Ordinarily, I would\rquote ve rewarded her. A kind word. A gentle gesture. But\par
that was before I learned I couldn\rquote t give her any softness. She needed a\par
firm, masterful hand. Otherwise, she\rquote d make my life a living hell until I\par
stole hers.\par
My eyes latched onto her naked body.\par
I paused.\par
Fuck.\par
Nila Weaver was like the needle she used to make her livelihood. Long,\par
sculptured. Muscle tone so defined, her hips defied her supple skin, almost\par
piercing her. Her breasts were small but high with perfect dark nipples.\par
My gaze dropped between her legs. The part of her I\rquote d intimately\par
explored already. I expected an inexperienced girl to not maintain her pussy,\par
but there was only a strip of black hair, hiding and teasing at the same time.\par
My heartbeat thickened.\par
And then I noticed the bruises.\par
Everywhere. On her ribcage, hips, thighs, and arms.\par
I prodded at a particularly large purple one. \ldblquote Who did this?\rdblquote\par
She crossed her knees, clamping a hand over her breasts.\par
I swallowed hard, hating that my cock twitched.\par
Her mouth parted, then understanding flared. \ldblquote Not who. What.\rdblquote\par
Looking down at herself, she whispered, \ldblquote The perils of vertigo.\rdblquote\par
I had no reply to that. She already had a condition that hurt her.\par
I hated that I understand that...more than she knew.\par
\ldblquote Put your arm down.\rdblquote  I slapped it away from her breasts. She stiffened,\par
but left it by her side, standing taller than before.\par
Holding out the tiny excuse of an apron, I placed it over her head. It was\par
black with white lacy trim, low enough to show the tops of her breasts and\par
nipples, short enough to show the trimmed delight between her legs.\par
Spinning her around, I tied the strings at her neck and lower spine.\par
When she faced me again, she choked, \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  I raised an eyebrow.\par
\ldblquote Is this all a game to you?\rdblquote\par
I smiled. \ldblquote No game. We\rquote re deadly serious. As you should know by\par
now.\rdblquote  Leaving her, I returned to the table and collected the final item. The\par
Weaver heirloom.\par
Prowling back to her, I held up the collar.\par
Her eyes popped wide. She gawked at the solid encrusted diamond\par
collar made from our very own imports. Two hundred carats, valued at over\par
three million pounds\emdash it\rquote d been in my family since the first debt had been\par
claimed.\par
\ldblquote Do you know what this is?\rdblquote  I dangled it in front of her face.\par
She clamped her lips, eyes deathly cold.\par
I didn\rquote t need a reply. She\rquote d know soon enough.\par
Unlocking the collar, I held the two ends and bent over her. Wrapping it\par
around her throat, I moved from front to back, positioning myself to fasten\par
it. I kept my voice low and soothing, embracing my cold ruthlessness again.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s affectionately known as the Weaver Wailer.\rdblquote  Using the special clasp\emdash\par
an irreversible clasp\emdash I murmured, \ldblquote It\rquote s your gift from us. Jewels from the\par
best of our mines. You should be proud to wear such wealth.\rdblquote\par
Nila shivered as the lock snapped into place.\par
My shoulders relaxed. It was on. It was done.\par
Her option to leave had just disappeared.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re ours now. Want to know why?\rdblquote\par
She whimpered, shaking her head.\par
Gathering her thick black hair, I ignored her plea for ignorance. I\rquote d told\par
her ignorance was bliss\emdash which was true. But my job was to torment her.\par
She had to fully embrace her future.\par
Breathing gently on her neck, I whispered, \ldblquote Because once the Weaver\par
Wailer is in place...there\rquote s only one way to get it back off.\rdblquote\f0\par
\lang1033 Nila.\par
\ldblquote ENOUGH PLAYING, JETHRO, bring her here.\rdblquote\par
The command burned my ears, turning my false belief I could survive\par
into dirty soot. The fire I\rquote d nursed inside was gone. All the stupid\par
pretending that I could block the worst from damaging my soul\par
disappeared. My little claws had fully retracted into nothing once again.\par
I was cold. Cold as him.\par
Shut down. Same as him.\par
Silent. Same as him.\par
Only one way to get it off.\par
I swallowed. My head pounded. My hands flew up to tug at the jewelled\par
collar. It was heavy and lifeless and ice. Pure ice. The perfect clarity and\par
flawless sparkle of the diamonds leached into my skin, claiming me,\par
marking me.\par
Only one way to get it off.\par
I thought I\rquote d come to terms with my mortality. I thought I\rquote d face the end\par
with my head held high and dry eyes\f1\emdash but that was before they told me the\par
method of my execution. When I thought of death, I pictured...nothing...I\par
had no image of how the end would come.\par
Now I did.\par
Only one way to get it off.\par
I was to be beheaded.\par
There\rquote d be no sawing off the collar or picking the lock. The way the\par
clasp snapped so resolutely hinted at a one way mechanism. The heavy\par
noose was now mine...an accessory slowly strangling me by diamonds.\par
It wasn\rquote t breakable. But I was. So fragile really, when a single sharp\par
blade could cast me from life into the nether. Diamonds were nature\rquote s\par
hardest fortress\emdash the quintessential marriage of unbreakable ice and power.\par
A new unwanted respect curdled in my stomach. Jethro said his mines.\par
Their mines. Diamonds were pure, but the method of collection had a\par
chequered history of death and violence.\par
They didn\rquote t just play the part of untouchables. They were untouchable.\par
No!\par
My tugging fingers turned frantic. I arched my neck, searching with an\par
edge of insanity for a weakness in the soldered white gold and gemstones. It\par
had to come off.\par
It has to.\par
I didn\rquote t have the strength to die. I didn\rquote t have the martyrdom to let them\par
do this. Not for family. Not for fortune. Not for anything.\par
I\rquote m weak. I don\rquote t want to die!\par
Jethro grabbed my wrists, effortlessly pulling my arms away from my\par
throat. My eyes opened and all I saw was malevolent stone. There was no\par
compassion in his light-brown eyes. No sympathy or even guilt. How did he\par
have the power to be so close to me\emdash to grow hard wanting me\emdash and know\par
all along my fate?\par
Only a special person could do that. A person who wasn\rquote t born of this\par
world, but brimstone and fire. From hell.\par
I struggled in his hold. The collar settled heavily, spreading its heinous\par
ice. \ldblquote I was wrong about you.\rdblquote\par
Jethro placed my hands by my sides, then let me go. He shrugged,\par
running a palm through his thick salt-and-pepper hair. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been nothing\par
but forthright and honest from the beginning. You\rquote re the one who spun a lie\par
from the truth. You\rquote re the one who ignored everything I was telling you.\rdblquote\par
Turning to face the table, he wrapped a cold arm around my waist. \ldblquote And\par
now it\rquote s time to face the reality of everything you tried to ignore.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Hawk, with his ridiculous tweed and leather outfit, stubbed out a\par
smouldering cigar. \ldblquote Did you tell her?\rdblquote\par
Jethro stiffened. \ldblquote I forgot.\rdblquote\par
His father reclined into the high-backed chair and folded his hands on\par
his stomach. \ldblquote You were meant to tell her when you put it on. It\rquote s called the\par
Weaver Wailer and it belonged to...\rdblquote\par
A loud screeching sound exploded in my ears. My stomach rolled.\par
Vertigo spread its nullifying tentacles through my brain.\par
It\rquote s the necklace. The one she wore when she came back the final time.\par
Jethro looked down, trying to capture my eyes, but I wouldn\rquote t do it. I\par
couldn\rquote t do it. I kept my vision blank, looking resolutely over his shoulder.\par
\ldblquote I think you\rquote ve already guessed who it belonged to.\rdblquote  Lowering his voice,\par
he whispered, \ldblquote The last person to wear this collar was your mother. She\par
wore it for two years and twenty-three days before it was...forcibly\par
removed. It carries not only the diamonds of my bloodline, but also blood\par
from yours. We, of course, clean it thoroughly after every owner, but if you\par
look closely, I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll see the tarnish of their lives given in return for\par
their crimes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nila, when you\rquote re a big girl, you can wear my clothes, shoes, and\par
jewellery, but you have to grow a little taller before that day.\rdblquote  My mother\par
laughed, looking down at me on the floor of her walk-in wardrobe. I\rquote d not\par
only raided her jewellery box and draped myself in gemstones, but wore a\par
feather boa with a baggy one piece swimming suit and giant high heels. I\par
thought I looked incredible. For a seven-year-old.\par
Holding up the pearls around my neck, I said, \ldblquote Promise? I can have\par
these when I\rquote m your size?\rdblquote\par
She ducked, pulling me into a hug. \ldblquote You can have everything of mine.\par
Why?\rdblquote\par
I smiled. I knew the answer to this. \ldblquote Because you love me.\rdblquote\par
She nodded. \ldblquote Because I love you.\rdblquote\par
The memory came and went, stealing the firm ground beneath my feet\par
and sending me headfirst into nausea. Spirals, loop de loops, and spincycles all churned my brain until I didn\rquote t know up from down.\par
It wasn\rquote t vertigo this time, but grief.\par
Crushing, crashing grief. A grief I hadn\rquote t suffered, because all my\par
happy memories of her had been blocked by the wall of hatred. She was\par
supposed to be the bad guy for leaving my father. I\rquote d been safe from\par
hurting. Safe from reliving everything with the knowledge of how precious\par
she was. How tragic her life became and for two years after she\rquote d left. Two\par
years we didn\rquote t try and save her.\par
The Hawks had stripped her from me and torn away any armour I had\par
against missing her. She wasn\rquote t the bad guy. They were. They would all die\par
for this. They would rot for eternity. I would find a way.\par
Please, let me find a way.\par
I wore a necklace every firstborn woman in my family wore before they\par
were murdered\emdash I was owed serious revenge. Disgusting, painful revenge.\par
A sob escaped my mouth. I couldn\rquote t fight the spinning anymore and\par
doubled over. With a sickening splash, I threw up all over Jethro\rquote s shiny\par
black shoes.\par
\ldblquote Shit.\rdblquote  He jumped back, not that there was much mess. It\rquote d been almost\par
twenty-four hours since I\rquote d eaten\emdash I had nothing to waste or purge. But the\par
dry heaves wouldn\rquote t stop racking my frame.\par
\ldblquote For fuck\rquote s sake, Jet. Get her under control. We don\rquote t have all day.\rdblquote  Mr.\par
Hawk\rquote s voice shouted across the room.\par
Cold hands grabbed my shoulders, jerking me from bowed to straight. I\par
moaned as my head sloshed with pain.\par
\ldblquote Stop embarrassing me,\rdblquote  Jethro snarled.\par
Embarrassing him? Bastard. Arsehole. Son of Satan. I glowered with\par
tear-swimming eyes into Jethro\rquote s cold uncompassionate gaze. Something\par
flicked over his gold irises\emdash a dark shadow. That was the only warning I\par
received before his hand came up and struck me around the side of the\par
head.\par
I thought I was brave. I thought I was strong. But I\rquote d never been struck\par
before. Daniel\rquote s slap in the car last night didn\rquote t count. This abuse had come\par
from a black place\emdash a place inside Jethro where unsurmountable anger\par
boiled. And it was endless. He may be a glacier on the outside, but in\par
there...in his heart...he steamed with pressuring rage.\par
Crashing to my knees, I curled my smarting head into my arms. I came\par
from a family who loved each other so much a disappointed look or stern\par
word was enough to break your heart. Physical abuse wasn\rquote t something I\par
knew. It wasn\rquote t something I could prepare for.\par
Jethro grabbed my hair, pulling me upright. I held onto his wrists to\par
prevent the tearing pain. My blurry gaze focused on his grey shirt and\par
perfectly creased jeans.\par
He glared. \ldblquote You\rquote ll clean that up, but for now you have other things to\par
attend to.\rdblquote\par
Not letting go of my hair, he carted me toward his father. Every step I\par
took, I tried to hide my exposed breasts and ignore the breeze between my\par
naked legs. The pinafore Jethro had put on me barely covered my stomach\par
let alone valuable places. Places I would give my entire design line to have\par
covered. The stupid maid cap tilted to the side, clinging to my tangled hair.\par
I couldn\rquote t count how many men existed around the table, but their eyes\par
never met mine. Most were glued to my chest or mesmerized lower down\par
as I side-shuffled to hide as much of my decency as possible.\par
But it wasn\rquote t just their eyes sending spider legs scurrying over my flesh.\par
It was the huge immaculate paintings of men wearing white wigs, elegant\par
coat and tails, and hunting regalia glaring down from the dark red walls.\par
Their eyes weren\rquote t lifeless but full of disdain\emdash somehow they knew a\par
Weaver was in their midst and the crackling fireplace was useless to stop\par
my chill.\par
My sentence was to be carried out with ancestors and family heirlooms\par
as witnesses.\par
The moment we came to a stop beside Mr. Hawk, sitting in his ornate\par
dining chair, Jethro jerked my neck back. His flawless face filled my vision.\par
\ldblquote You are no longer free. Look. See your future and understand there\rquote s no\par
sweet talking, begging, or bargaining your way out of this. You wear the\par
collar. You\rquote re ours completely.\rdblquote  Jethro\rquote s voice was arctic, glittering with\par
power.\par
The collar cut into my skin. I wanted to spit in his face.\par
Shoving me toward Mr. Hawk, the old man snaked an arm around my\par
naked waist, tugging me onto his lap.\par
\ldblquote Obey and make me proud, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  Jethro crossed his arms. He\par
shifted to stand behind his father\rquote s chair, removing himself from the role of\par
authority, becoming merely a spectator.\par
He\rquote s never called me Nila.\par
The stupid thought came and went on a heartbeat. Jethro was yet to use\par
my first name.\par
I shuddered, feeling overwhelmingly sick again.\par
Jethro was awful but being disowned and handed over to a room of men\par
was worse. I would\rquote ve given anything to avoid was what about to happen. I\par
would willingly trade all my nights in a bed and return to the kennels. The\par
hounds were loving, kind...warm.\par
I sat frozen on Mr. Hawk\rquote s lap.\par
His hand rested on my upper thigh, not violating but terrifying. \ldblquote Now\par
that we all understand each other, I want you to look at something for me,\par
Nila. Then the festivities will begin. Every man you serve, you\rquote ll receive\par
another snippet of your history. Only once you\rquote ve completed your task will\par
you know the entire story and will be free to spend the afternoon either in\par
the steam baths below the house as a reward or in solitary confinement in\par
the dungeons as punishment, depending on how well you please us.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t understand how my body still functioned. Shock turned my\par
limbs to statues, fear made me mute\emdash I died inside until there was no part\par
of me left. But still my heart kept pumping; my blood kept flowing\emdash\par
staying alive only for their sick pleasure.\par
The weight of my mother\rquote s collar bit into my neck and a question came\par
from no-where. My mother was a Weaver. Her mother before her was a\par
Weaver. But wouldn\rquote t they have changed their names according to the\par
surname of their husbands?\par
I blinked, trying to remember my father\rquote s last name.\par
I can\rquote t.\par
\ldblquote You look confused. I\rquote ll permit you to ask a question before we\par
proceed,\rdblquote  Mr. Hawk said, settling me higher on his knee.\par
I fought my cringe, struggling to formulate the words. \ldblquote My mother\rquote s\par
maiden name was Weaver, but she would\rquote ve changed it when she got\par
married.\rdblquote  I glanced at Jethro behind his father\rquote s chair. He tilted his chin,\par
looking down his nose.\par
Mr. Hawk shook his head. \ldblquote That son of mine hasn\rquote t explained anything\par
has he.\rdblquote  Twisting in the seat, he glanced at Jethro. \ldblquote What exactly have you\par
been doing? You know information is what grants us control. We\rquote re the\par
ones in the right. How can she hope to accept her situation if you keep her\par
in the dark?\rdblquote\par
Jethro clenched his jaw but remained silent.\par
Rolling his eyes, Mr. Hawk faced me again and smiled. \ldblquote I\rquote ll give you a\par
brief history lesson, then you must begin your duties.\rdblquote  Reaching up, he\par
tugged the maid\rquote s cap on my head.\par
Every inch of me crawled, but I didn\rquote t move away. I was hungry for\par
knowledge. Starving to know just how they continued to control my family\par
with no fear of police interference or retribution.\par
Mr. Hawk reclined, his thumb drawing small circles on my upper thigh.\par
\ldblquote It all began with one man, who you\rquote ll find out about in a little bit. He had\par
children, gracing them all with the Weaver name. Now, from that day on,\par
the power of the family name travelled with the firstborn girl. No matter if\par
she married, divorced, or suddenly wanted to change her name to something\par
whimsical, she wasn\rquote t permitted. Whoever she married, it was a condition\par
that the man change his name so that their offspring always bore the Weaver\par
name and continued the line of succession of the debt.\rdblquote\par
Why did they do it? Why keep a name that only brought misery? My\par
mind hurt trying to understand the Hawk\rquote s power.\par
\ldblquote You, I believe, are the seventh woman to be taken. And the claiming\par
can happen anywhere between the ages of eighteen and twenty-six.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You have rules on ruining someone\rquote s life?\rdblquote\par
His forehead furrowed. \ldblquote What do you think we\rquote re doing, Nila?\par
Everything we\rquote re doing is following a strict set of rules\emdash laid out in utmost\par
simplicity and must be followed.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If you\rquote re following rules, then follow the rules of today\rquote s society. You\par
think I accept what you\rquote re telling me? That all of this is legal?\rdblquote  I spat the\par
last word. \ldblquote You think its common place to threaten my family, steal me\par
away, and imprison me with a collar of diamonds that won\rquote t come off until I\par
die? You\rquote re completely insane. And wrong. And\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No one\emdash especially a Weaver\emdash has the right to speak to me like that.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Hawk\rquote s fingernails bit into my thigh. \ldblquote What part are you not\par
understanding, girl? We haven\rquote t threatened your family\emdash they are under\par
observeillance to ensure their best behaviour. We didn\rquote t steal you away\emdash\par
you came voluntarily, remember? And as for the collar\emdash you should be\par
proud to wear it. It\rquote s the most treasured piece in the Hawks antiquities.\rdblquote\par
I bit my lip as his fingernails pierced harder.\par
His voice dropped the scholarly softness, sliding into strictness. \ldblquote I see\par
you need more concrete evidence. Fine. The diamonds you wear are worth\par
millions. The diamonds we\rquote ve sourced have been used to trade, buy\par
services, bribe officials, own prime ministers, even control diplomats and\par
royalty. No one is above the allure of a flawless diamond, Ms. Weaver.\par
Everyone has a price. Lucky for us, we can afford any price.\rdblquote\par
His tone sharpened. \ldblquote Does that answer your rude question?\rdblquote\par
What response could I give? There was nothing I could say or do to\par
ignore my entire situation. They might have some misplaced belief that they\par
were in the right\emdash but that didn\rquote t matter. Because they owned the very\par
people I would need to save me.\par
My shoulders dipped.\par
Mr. Hawk grinned. \ldblquote Glad you\rquote re coming to your senses. Don\rquote t under\par
estimate us, Nila Weaver. We\rquote ve had the law on our side for hundreds of\par
years. We still have the law on our side and that won\rquote t change. You are\par
nothing more than a single woman who left the world\rquote s spotlight because\par
she fell in love. You are already consumed and forgotten.\rdblquote\par
His fingernails stopped slicing my leg; he patted me gently. \ldblquote I apologise\par
that my son didn\rquote t inform you of this. It\rquote s his job to be implicitly open with\par
you. To ensure you accept your new standing quickly.\rdblquote  He threw a glare at\par
Jethro behind us.\par
Jethro locked his jaw, his eyes unreadable.\par
Mr. Hawk bounced me on his knee. \ldblquote Now, no more questions. Serve my\par
Diamond brothers and earn your right to more information.\rdblquote\par
My heart shot up my throat. \ldblquote Serve them how?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Hawk shook his head. \ldblquote Ah, I just told you, no more questions. I\par
have no doubt Jethro would\rquote ve been rather firm on that instruction. Silence\par
is the key to pleasing us.\rdblquote  He pinched my lips together. \ldblquote Don\rquote t say a word\par
until we permit it, and you\rquote ll be rewarded.\rdblquote\par
I\rquote m to be a blow-up doll with no voice or soul?\par
Looking down, I fought against the urge to tear my face from his grip.\par
He didn\rquote t let me go. And I couldn\rquote t keep fighting the urge. So I did the\par
only thing I could. Slowly, I nodded, losing another battle against the\par
trickling tears cascading silently down my cheeks. They continued their\par
unhindered sad journey down my neck, through the collar, to my naked\par
nipples below.\par
The sun glinted through the window, blinding me for a second on the\par
diamond pin in Jethro\rquote s shirt. His eyes were tight and narrowed, glaring at\par
the room of leather-jacketed men; his face resolute and frozen.\par
Freeing me, Mr. Hawk ordered, \ldblquote Lean forward, and retrieve the first bit\par
of parchment.\rdblquote\par
I sat unmoving. I didn\rquote t want to wriggle on his lap. I didn\rquote t want to give\par
any reason for things to grow or hands to grope.\par
Jethro lashed out from behind, catching me by surprise. He didn\rquote t hit\par
me, but grabbed my diamond collar and snapped a leash to the back.\par
Tugging the restraint, he muttered, \ldblquote Lesson one. You\rquote ll do as your told the\par
second you\rquote re told it. Otherwise, you\rquote ll choke until you do.\rdblquote\par
He moved to the back of the chair, leaving my line of sight. The\par
moment he was gone, the pressure on the collar increased, digging into my\par
larynx, cutting off my air supply.\par
Just let him strangle you.\par
It would be easier.\par
But as my body crushed against Mr. Hawk from the pressure, and the\par
natural instinct to fight took over, I knew I couldn\rquote t be so weak. There was\par
no point in being stupid. If I was plane-wrecked in a jungle, I would obey\par
the law of the wild\emdash doing absolutely anything to survive.\par
Wasn\rquote t this the same thing?\par
I was in a den of beasts and they were trying to help me by teaching me\par
their law. If I obeyed, I would live. Entirely simple. Stupidly simple.\par
No sound, Nila. Not one word. Switch off. Retreat into that spot inside\par
and get through this.\par
I could do it by adapting, by learning. I refused to be hurt for\par
punishments I could avoid.\par
Jethro sensed my acquiescence at the same time as his father. I didn't\par
know what gave me away\emdash the slouching of my shoulders, the soft puff of\par
sadness? Regardless, they knew I wouldn\rquote t fight. They\rquote d won.\par
Jethro released the pressure on my throat, removing the leash and\par
dangling it over the back of the chair as he moved back to his position. Mr.\par
Hawk angled my face, pressing a wet kiss on my cheek. \ldblquote Good girl. You\rquote re\par
learning.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t even flinch. I was as cold as his son.\par
Embrace it.\par
Locking eyes with Jethro, I kept myself anchored while his father\rquote s\par
hand slipped inside the stupid pinafore and found my breast.\par
Jethro gritted his teeth, but never stopped glaring into my blank gaze.\par
I tensed, willing every molecule to stay frigid and unattached. There\par
was freedom in drifting\emdash as I\rquote d learned in the kennel\emdash and I let my mind\par
go.\par
I would be Jethro and remain stone cold on the outside. But inside I\par
would be Kite and cut the strings of my soul\emdash soaring where they\rquote d never\par
touch me.\par
No matter what they did.\par
My head bowed as Mr. Hawk pressed up, grinding a hard cock against\par
my naked arse. \ldblquote Read the parchment.\rdblquote\par
My hair fell in a thick black curtain, obscuring half of the men who\par
watched with eager eyes.\par
My hands didn\rquote t shake as I reached for the parchment. I lowered my\par
eyes to read. I was silently amazed at how collected and aloof I seemed.\par
Shocked that I\rquote d so easily turned off. What did that say about me? I\rquote d just\par
learned about my mother. Spent the night with a pack of dogs. Am I really\par
that adaptable? Or was shock to blame?\par
The parchment used to be whole\emdash it was age-stained, blood-marked,\par
and torn. Glancing upright, I noticed the remaining pieces scattered around\par
the table. A treasure hunt to read what would be my sentence.\par
Not every man had a piece, but at a quick count, I guessed four to five\par
shards of secret-tarnished paper were out there, waiting for me to read.\par
Looking back to the parchment in my hands, my eyes landed on the\par
crest I\rquote d grown fast to recognise of hawks, women, and diamonds. It took\par
pride of place at the top of the letter with intricate calligraphy and\par
penmanship.\par
Taking a deep breath, I read.\par
On this date, the eighteenth day, of the eighth month, of the year of our\par
Lord fourteen-seventy-two, we hereby convene to settle the unsightly claims\par
and forthwith family disruptions between Percy Weaver and Bennett Hawk.\par
We call upon the royal sovereignty to grace this binding agreement\par
upon the two houses, to put aside flagitious slander, and immoral actions,\par
and settle this as gentlemen.\par
As esquire over this binding estate, I have mention Percy Weaver and\par
family, including church-sanctified marriage to Mary Weaver, and his thrice\par
offspring of two boys and one girl are also governed by the degree found\par
today, or they shall hang by the neck until dead for heinous crimes found\par
unjustifiable by the court of England so help me God.\par
It ended.\par
I stopped reading but didn\rquote t move. Not a breath. Not a fidget. It was true\par
then. My family had done something to justify all of this.\par
But what could be so awful to earn a contract spanning generations of\par
repayments?\par
Mr. Hawk bounced me again, tweaking my nipple. \ldblquote Finished?\rdblquote\par
My heart neither fluttered nor sank. I was flying free\emdash escaped from\par
this unfolding nightmare.\par
\ldblquote Intrigued? Want to know the rest?\rdblquote  His fingers twisted harder, but I\par
didn\rquote t care. All I cared about was finding out more.\par
Ignoring his touch, I breathed for the first time and nodded. As much as\par
I didn\rquote t want to get close to the other men, curiosity burned. I was desperate\par
to read more torn pages and solve the mystery of my lineage.\par
Why did father never say anything? Why did he raise me to think we\par
were good people?\par
That question would probably never be answered.\par
Mr. Hawk placed his hands on my hips, hoisting me from his lap. I\par
stood with my eyes cast downward. Silent and waiting.\par
He smiled in encouragement. \ldblquote Behaving well so far. Let\rquote s see if you can\par
keep it up.\rdblquote  Waving toward the overladen sideboard full of hors d'oeuvres,\par
fish dishes, meat dishes, roast vegetables, and desserts, he said, \ldblquote You\rquote re our\par
waitress for this little get together. Please be so kind as to serve our meal.\par
You\rquote ll receive a token of thanks from each of the Black Diamond brothers\par
and earn the right to finish your reading.\rdblquote\par
My legs moved before my brain registered. The primal part of me\par
taking over to jump to the task. I might be a na\f0\'efve woman who didn\rquote t know\par
how to jerk a man off, but I was a businesswoman at heart. I\rquote d been around\par
strict shop buyers, ditzy models, and sulking catalogue owners. I\rquote d learned\par
how to adapt and sell my work.\par
This was no different.\par
I had to adapt and sell myself.\par
Make him care. Make him feel.\par
My eyes flew to Jethro. Was it possible? Could I break his ice and find a\par
man deep inside\f1\emdash a man who I could seduce, beguile, and ultimately use to\par
stay alive?\par
Am I that strong?\par
Mr. Hawk tapped my behind as I skirted the back of his chair. Jethro\par
didn\rquote t move, granting a small space for me to pass.\par
I hunched into myself, preparing for whatever cruelty he had planned.\par
His body twitched. The perfect lines of muscle and masculinity once\par
again making me despise his natural beauty. An unwilling rush shot through\par
my system at the memory of him fingering me.\par
He\rquote d wanted me in that moment and it had nothing to do with debts or\par
pain. It\rquote d been pleasurable, confusing, and awkward but...maybe there was\par
something I could work with.\par
The idea to seduce Jethro flowered quickly. The bloom wasn\rquote t fresh like\par
the bud of a rose but black. The unfurling petals dripped with filth,\par
sprouting from a place I never wanted to acknowledge. He belonged to a\par
family who ruined mine. He had no compassion. No heart.\par
How could I make him care when stone was utterly heartless?\par
I\rquote ll try, though. I had nothing left to lose.\par
I could be their ward, to be tormented on a daily basis, for years. I\par
would be his toy for however long he wanted. Time could change anything\par
if the elements conspired with me. A mountain ultimately had to give way\par
to the sea if hammered by its salty waves.\par
I\rquote ll be that wave.\par
Jethro cleared his throat, deliberately stepping forward. His large frame\par
pressed against mine, causing my body to twist and brush my naked breasts\par
against him.\par
\ldblquote Oops,\rdblquote  he breathed.\par
I didn\rquote t look into his eyes. I couldn\rquote t stand to look at him. All of this\par
was his doing and I refused to let him unsettle me anymore. \ldblquote Don\rquote t touch\par
me,\rdblquote  I whisper-hissed.\par
His hand lashed out, slinking up my pinafore and tweaking the same\par
nipple his father had. \ldblquote Silence.\rdblquote  He bowed his head to mine. \ldblquote And you\par
loved me touching you. Stop being a little liar, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Gritting my teeth, I darted away, tearing his fingers from my breast. I\par
breathed hard when I reached the sideboard. So much food.\par
My stomach scrunched into a hunger ache.\par
So what I was naked? So what over twenty men waited to do who knew\par
what to me? It didn\rquote t matter. Because my life hinged on throwing away\par
normal and embracing the crazy I now lived with.\par
I would meet them in hell and play their horrid games. I\rquote ll come out the\par
victor.\par
Grabbing a tiered platter of p\f0\'e2t\'e9, crusty bread, and pickled vegetables,\par
my mouth watered.\par
I\rquote m so hungry.\par
My stomach growled, sending spasms of pain. I\rquote d never gone this long\par
without food, and the lack of sugars and vitamins faded the edges of my\par
vision. My fingers whispered over a piece of roasted potato. Just one little\par
taste...\par
\ldblquote Hurry up,\rdblquote  Mr. Hawk ordered.\par
Shaking my head from the overwhelming need to shove a handful of\par
delicious looking food into my mouth, I turned to face the table. I\rquote d never\par
waitressed before, but I guessed the man in charge would get first choice.\par
That means passing him again.\par
Holding tight to the platter, I held my head high, and made my way past\par
Jethro. His mouth twitched as he once again blocked my path. I kept my\par
lips tight together, not looking at the challenge in his eyes.\par
\ldblquote Not interested in me anymore, Ms. Weaver?\rdblquote  he purred.\par
Mr. Hawk looked over his chair and pointed at me, then placed his\par
finger over his lips in the universal \lquote hush\rquote  sign. A non-so-subtle reminder\par
that I wasn\rquote t permitted to speak.\par
When I didn\rquote t respond. Jethro smiled. \ldblquote I\rquote m impressed.\rdblquote\par
He might terrify me, but he needed to know I wouldn\rquote t give up. I had\par
plans for him, and I wouldn\rquote t be so easily cowed. Plus, he had my vomit on\par
his shoes, he shouldn\rquote t be so smug.\par
I let myself glance into his golden eyes. You don\rquote t scare me.\par
His capricious demeanour shifted slightly, a silent message glowing in\par
his gaze. Give me time.\par
He let me pass without another word.\par
Breathing shallowly, I came to a standstill beside Mr. Hawk. He nodded,\par
choosing a selection from the platter. \ldblquote Good girl. You may now serve the\par
rest of the table. Left to right, if you please.\rdblquote\par
Straightening, I forced myself to truly look at the men before me\f1\emdash the\par
gauntlet of masculinity I had to travel through to reach my destination.\par
My heart raced; a cold sweat broke out down my spine.\par
Stay cold. Stay free. And you\rquote ll get through this.\par
I placed one foot, then another. My heartbeat ratcheted as I came to a\par
stop beside a large man. He had orange hair and a tattoo snaking up his\par
neck.\par
My vision wobbled; I tottered to the left as a small wave of vertigo\par
reminded me I\rquote d been stable up to this point thanks to a miracle. Orange\par
Tattoo shot out an arm, preventing me from slamming into the table.\par
He grinned. \ldblquote Steady, I won\rquote t bite.\rdblquote  He brought me close, smiling so\par
deep a dimple formed. \ldblquote I\rquote ll lick though.\rdblquote\par
Before I could move, his tongue landed on my thigh, licking long and\par
slow like a giant animal.\par
What?!\par
I squirmed, almost dropping the tray. His grip was absolute, holding me\par
firm until he\rquote d tasted his full. The rush of vertigo turned to nausea. The\par
sickly scent of my previous sickness didn\rquote t help my stomach from rolling\par
like a shipwreck.\par
Letting me go, I stumbled and tried to rub away the glisten of wetness\par
from his awful mouth. It only transferred to my naked elbow.\par
Orange Tattoo beamed, licked his lips, and took a selection of breads\par
and pickles. \ldblquote Thank you, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
I spun to face Mr. Hawk.\par
This couldn\rquote t be true. He expected me to let this happen. From\par
everyone?\par
Mr. Hawk chewed thoughtfully, raising an eyebrow, daring me to speak.\par
My lips parted\emdash to demand to know what happened. Was that the token\par
of gratitude he spoke of? A lick?\par
My chest puffed, sending a wash of embarrassment through me. Not\par
only was I naked but I had to permit them licking me!\par
Mr. Hawk pursed his lips, waiting for me to explode.\par
He\rquote ll punish you. Don\rquote t ask. Do. Not. Snap.\par
It took more courage and energy than I had. But I managed to suck in a\par
breath and release the stress swirling in my system. I had too many other\par
things to focus on to care about an unorthodox dinner soir\f0\'e9e.\par
No speaking.\par
I had to pretend I had no tongue. Otherwise, waitressing would be the\par
least of my problems.\par
Glancing back at the men, they grinned, knowing I had no choice but to\par
continue.\par
Jethro\rquote s voice ghosted behind me like a dark cloud. \ldblquote You\rquote re the main\par
course, Ms. Weaver. Each brother gets a taste\f1\emdash anywhere he chooses.\par
You\rquote d be wise to allow it.\rdblquote\par
My heart thundered. Anywhere?\par
But if it was just a lick\emdash was that so bad? Perhaps this dinner party\par
might not be as awful as I\rquote d feared. A lick I could tolerate. A touch I could\par
handle. Full penetration would drive my mind from its sanctuary straight to\par
an asylum.\par
It was as if Jethro knew that. Pushing me, little by little, past my\par
comfort zone.\par
I moved to the next leather-jacketed man. This one was skinny but had\par
an edge of violence. His shaved head shone as he helped himself to the food\par
before placing his finger in the top of my pinafore and pulling me down to\par
his level.\par
His tongue lashed out, tracing my cheekbone all the way to my ear.\par
Shuddering, I swallowed back my repulsion.\par
You can handle it.\par
The moment he\rquote d finished, he said, \ldblquote Thank you, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
What did they want for me\emdash permission that it was okay? That I was\par
grateful?\par
Standing upright, I struggled to move. Struggled to keep going when I\par
knew how many more licks I\rquote d have to earn before it was over.\par
\ldblquote Proceed, Ms. Weaver. Don\rquote t disappoint me.\rdblquote  Jethro\rquote s gravelly voice\par
invaded my ears. Damn him. Damn all of this.\par
Swallowing hard, I moved to the next.\par
He was handsome. Quite like Jethro in a stockier, less devilish kind of\par
way. He had dark hair with flecks of grey and a bird of prey tattooed on his\par
forearm.\par
Never taking his eyes from mine, he took a few items, then hooked a\par
strong arm around my waist and pushed up my maid\rquote s uniform. His lips\par
pressed a kiss on my hipbone, the wet tease of a tongue hidden by the warm\par
pressure of his mouth.\par
Every inch of me revolted but I didn\rquote t flinch.\par
Smirking, he let me go. \ldblquote Thank you, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
It was the smirk that gave him away.\par
He\rquote s another Hawk.\par
The man nodded, sensing my connection to his pedigree. \ldblquote I\rquote m the\par
second brother,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote I doubt you know my name seeing as\par
Jethro gets to have all the fun\emdash but I\rquote ll tell you\emdash so you know who to\par
scream for when my older brother goes too far.\rdblquote  He crooked his finger,\par
hinting for me to move closer.\par
Despite myself, I bent. There was something about this brother.\par
Something different.\par
His light-brown eyes\emdash a Hawk family trait it seemed\emdash crinkled at the\par
corners. \ldblquote I\rquote m Kestrel.\rdblquote  Pointing at the tattoo on his arm, he added, \ldblquote Like\par
the bird.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Leave her alone, Kes. Other brothers want a turn.\rdblquote  Jethro\rquote s demand\par
snapped from behind.\par
Kestrel chuckled. \ldblquote Easy there, Jet. Only playing with my food.\rdblquote  He sat\par
back, motioning me to continue.\par
How many sons did Mr. Hawk have? How many must I submit to when\par
Jethro had had enough of me? I didn\rquote t have the mental protection to sleep\par
with an entire family of evilness.\par
My eyes didn\rquote t linger on him and I wasn\rquote t permitted to speak, but I\par
wanted to know more about him. I wanted to know why I had a sense of\par
kinship\emdash no matter how slight.\par
Tense, I darted around his chair, moving to my next customer.\par
The next man had piercings in his eyebrow and lower lip. Blue-black\par
hair, so similar to Vaughn\rquote s, tore my heart out as he bent his head over my\par
arm and dragged a pointed tongue toward my elbow.\par
V.\par
Tears threatened. V was everything to me. I couldn\rquote t stand to think of\par
him while this happened. I should\rquote ve messaged him back. I was cruel to\par
leave him in distress.\par
Closing my eyes, I put one foot in front of the other, moving toward the\par
next man.\par
And then the next.\par
And the next.\par
Each one thanked me once they\rquote d tasted, acting like gentlemen rather\par
the lair of monsters they truly were.\par
With every lick, I froze, standing tense and hating while they dragged\par
their saliva all over my skin.\par
Thankfully, the lack of hunger tripped time, merging the men and\par
tongues into a merry-go-round of nightmares. I lost track of who licked\par
where, hiding myself away and focusing on the weight of my platter\par
growing lighter and lighter.\par
But not one person tasted my breasts or pussy.\par
It sent me into a state of uncomfortable awareness. They were men.\par
Taunting a woman who they\rquote d been given permission to taste. Why hadn\rquote t\par
they gone for the prized locations?\par
The unknowing and waiting sent my skin crawling more than their\par
eager tongues.\par
The next man I served was older with a greying moustache and wispy\par
hair. He licked my neck, nuzzling my hair before taking his fill of food.\par
I went to move, in a trance, to the next diner.\par
But the older man captured my hip and presented me with the next part\par
of the parchment.\par
My trance evaporated, leaving me hungry for information. This was\par
why I permitted this. I let myself be governed by history. The double\par
meaning of the thought didn\rquote t escape me. You were taken because of\par
history. You\rquote re staying because of history.\par
The diamonds of my collar bit into my neck in agreeance.\par
Placing the platter on the table, I removed myself from the twenty-first\par
century and proceeded to be swept to 1472.\par
For actions committed by Percy Weaver and his entourage of well-to-do\par
associates, he stands judged and wanting. His life is determined by the\par
grace of Bennett Hawk who states the following comeuppance:\par
Monetary compensation\par
Public apology\par
And most of all, bodily retribution\par
What a bastard. He couldn\rquote t let some petty grievance go?\par
He did save the entire family from hanging. Somehow, he\rquote d kept Percy\par
Weaver and my ancestors from swinging on a rope, and in a way, I had to\par
be grateful. Grateful to a man who\rquote d saved my bloodline but stolen my\par
future at the same time.\par
If this document had never been agreed upon, I would never have been\par
born. No one past Percy and Mary would\rquote ve existed. It was hard to hate\par
someone who\rquote d granted life, but easy to hate them for stealing countless of\par
those lives generations later.\par
\ldblquote Keep going, Ms. Weaver,\rdblquote  Jethro purred.\par
My head snapped up.\par
He stood there, wrapped in his horrible silence.\par
I wanted to glower. I wanted to do something idiotic and stick my\par
tongue out at him. But there was no point making him hate me more than he\par
already did. The moment I could charge my phone, I would Google every\par
enticing come-hithers a woman could make.\par
I\rquote ll seduce him.\par
I\rquote d enjoyed seeing his impeccable control snap by the stables. I loved\par
that I was the one to do it.\par
I\rquote ll make him care.\par
I would turn this travesty into a prophecy by weaving my Weaver magic\par
over a Hawk.\par
With strength building in my heart, I grabbed my tray.\par
Moving forward on unsteady knees, I looked greedily at the next piece\par
of paper. It sat coyly in the centre of the table, beckoning.\par
The next man to taste me was a young boy, barely out of his teens. His\par
touch was gentle, tongue barely licking. He was my favourite from the\par
table.\par
After another two licks, I hoped I deserved the next scrap of parchment,\par
but no one gave it to me. My heart sank as I completed a full rotation,\par
squeezing my eyes as each tongue inched closer to the places I wished were\par
covered.\par
I couldn\rquote t stop shivering when I placed the empty platter on the\par
sideboard. Resting my palms on the hard surface, I breathed deep. Tears\par
pressed on the back of my eyes, disgust rolled in my stomach growling with\par
desperate hunger. This was torture on so many levels. Delivering food to\par
well-fed men all the while they feasted on me, too.\par
\ldblquote The main course, if you will, Nila,\rdblquote  Mr. Hawk muttered.\par
I looked over my shoulder. He sat there, running his fingers through his\par
goatee. His golden eyes, so like Jethro\rquote s, held no patience or tolerance but\par
his lips tilted in mirth. He was enjoying this.\par
Of course he was. They all were.\par
Including my main tormentor.\par
Pushing off from the sideboard, I collected a large silver tray of chicken\par
and asparagus. Keeping my eyes down, I deliberately kept the tray high and\par
outstretched, giving me a shield in which to pass Jethro.\par
Not that it helped.\par
His arm shot out, stopping me. I cursed the familiarity of his touch.\par
Screamed at the horrible way my body remembered the pleasure he\rquote d\par
granted by the stables. I wanted nothing from him. Especially the memory\par
of his fingers.\par
I glared into his eyes. Stay silent.\par
It was hard.\par
I had so much I wanted to say. So much to yell. The side of my head\par
still throbbed from his strike; my ego still hurt from not knowing how to\par
jerk him off the way he desired. He made me feel like a rejected little girl.\par
Bowing close, he whispered in my ear, \ldblquote I\rquote m enjoying watching you be\par
so obedient, Ms. Weaver. And your silence...\rdblquote  He brushed my hair away\par
from my cheek, fingertips lingering on my neck. \ldblquote ...is making me hard.\rdblquote\par
I sucked in a gasp, looking to the front of his trousers despite myself.\par
The outline of his massive cock that terrified me\emdash more than his hands,\par
temper, or god-awful silence\emdash stood firm and bulging against his jeans.\par
He smiled. \ldblquote Keep up the good work and you might get two rewards this\par
evening.\rdblquote  His eyes darkened. \ldblquote Because we both know you want me to\par
finish what I started.\rdblquote\par
My gasp turned to a growl. I couldn\rquote t fathom how my stomach swooped\par
even while sickness swirled. Damn my traitorous body for finding his evil\par
beauty attractive.\par
Are you sure you want to seduce him just for protection? I hated the\par
question. I hated that I didn\rquote t have an answer.\par
Jerking away from him, I stalked toward my starting position. Standing\par
beside Mr. Hawk, I served him first. The moment he\rquote d taken a few morsels,\par
I moved to leave, but he pinched my pinafore, keeping me still.\par
His eyes met mine and I knew, just knew, this serving round wouldn\rquote t\par
be my arms, neck, or hips up for a taste. This would be worse. Much worse.\par
\ldblquote Face me, girl,\rdblquote  he ordered.\par
My teeth chattered, but I slowly did as he requested.\par
\ldblquote Lean down.\rdblquote\par
Closing my eyes, I obeyed.\par
His hot breath clouded over my chest before a wet, warm mouth latched\par
onto my nipple. A graze of teeth, a swipe of a tongue\emdash it all drove me to\par
the pinnacle. The pinnacle where I knew I would burn in hell for not only\par
permitting it, but for the tiny flutter of need that had burst into life while his\par
son drove his finger inside me.\par
My head pounded as I shoved the betrayal away. I was the one who\par
betrayed myself. I was the one not strong enough to fight Jethro. He\rquote d won\par
the moment I saw him and let my need for touch consume me.\par
Tears tickled my spine and the moment Mr. Hawk pulled way, I ran.\par
I didn\rquote t get far.\par
Orange Tattoo, who sat next to Mr. Hawk caught me, holding me tight.\par
\ldblquote Now, now. You\rquote re doing so well. Don\rquote t ruin it.\rdblquote  His large hand splayed on\par
my shoulder blades, jerking me to his sitting level. With a tight smile, his\par
mouth latched onto my other nipple.\par
I whimpered as his large soppy lips sucked. He took his time, swirling\par
his tongue around the hard bud, before letting go in a loud slurp.\par
I stood shaking as he selected some chicken and sent me on my way.\par
I can\rquote t do this.\par
Self-pity filled my empty stomach, and I stood frozen to the thick\par
burgundy carpet.\par
\ldblquote Move, Ms. Weaver,\rdblquote  Jethro murmured.\par
My body swayed to obey but everything inside rebelled. I didn\rquote t care\par
Mr. Hawk had eloquently described my cage with the use of diamonds and\par
debts. I didn\rquote t care that I had no choice but to do as I was told.\par
I just couldn\rquote t do it.\par
My eyes flew wide as Jethro\rquote s hands landed on my shoulders. He spun\par
me to face him, breathing hard. \ldblquote Do. It. Now.\rdblquote  The force of his command\par
buckled my knees. I dropped my head.\par
Silently, Jethro stormed me forward, presenting me to the next man. The\par
platter wobbled in my hands but I stood upright while a vile mouth suckled\par
on my breast.\par
Once it was over, Jethro manhandled me to the next, whispering in my\par
ear, \ldblquote Make me come back and show you how to behave, and I won\rquote t be\par
nice. You still cling to the ideology that you\rquote re better than us. That any\par
moment this will be over.\rdblquote  His teeth nipped at my ear. \ldblquote That\rquote s torture\par
because it\rquote s false. It won\rquote t happen. Accept it and be done with the past.\par
Accept it and embrace everything we\rquote re giving you.\rdblquote\par
Shoving me forward, he patted my backside. \ldblquote I can be nice if you give\par
me reason to be, Ms. Weaver. Try me by behaving for the rest of the\par
luncheon.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t watch as he left, resuming his standing position behind his\par
father\rquote s chair.\par
I can be nice.\par
Bullshit he could be nice. But the sooner I obeyed, the sooner it was\par
over.\par
So...I obeyed.\par
Mouths.\par
Fingers.\par
Tongues and teeth.\par
They all tasted. They all groped.\par
I thought the first course was hard. I\rquote d clung to the morals of how\par
wrong it was for so many men to treat one woman so unfairly.\par
This course did things to me I wished I could deny. Fat lips, thin lips,\par
hot mouths, cool mouths. They all not only took from me but gave\par
something in return.\par
A horrible realisation that my body was taking over.\par
My horror sank like a rock every time a man had a new taste. Slowly\par
my stomach fluttered; my insides rebelling against the melting that\par
occurred.\par
The men didn\rquote t care countless mouths had been on my skin. They took\par
turns between my left and right nipples, nibbling, sucking. I wished they\rquote d\par
bite. I willed them to hurt me\emdash something to prove how vile they were.\par
But each one\emdash old, young, trim, overweight\emdash they all loved me. They\par
adoringly suckled. They moaned with such deep appreciation, I struggled to\par
remember this was by force not by choice. I felt as if I granted them a gift.\par
A gift they truly appreciated.\par
Don\rquote t. Don\rquote t buy into the mindfuckery.\par
Even my inner voice turned slightly breathless, a lot confused, and\par
edging toward acceptance.\par
I grew lightheaded as I trudged from man to man. I didn\rquote t make eye\par
contact with any of them. I became listless. Numb. Apart from a tiny spark\par
tugging on the invisible cord from my nipples to my core. I wished it wasn\rquote t\par
so. I craved to remain unaffected.\par
But slowly they turned me from intellectual businesswoman to\par
trembling plaything.\par
Slowly, I grew wet.\par
Sharp teeth dragged my attention through the blackness that\rquote d become\par
my soul, back to reality.\par
I looked into the eyes of Daniel.\par
The mellow trance I\rquote d been lulled into snapped like a rubber band. I no\par
longer found any acceptance or lusty appeal, only hollow rage.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not much fun licking a woman when she isn\rquote t paying attention,\rdblquote  he\par
sneered.\par
My heartbeat flew terrorised around my chest. My nipple throbbed from\par
where he\rquote d bitten me.\par
Licking his lips, he added, \ldblquote You taste good, Weaver, but I\rquote m looking\par
forward to the next course.\rdblquote\par
My heart promptly shot itself and splattered against the floor.\par
The next course.\par
No. No. No. No.\par
\ldblquote Here. You earned this.\rdblquote  Shoving another piece of parchment my way, I\par
forced back my tears.\par
Moving awkwardly, I placed the empty tray on the sideboard, then\par
returned to Daniel\rquote s side. My skin broke out in goosebumps being so close,\par
but he dangled the parchment like a present I desperately wanted.\par
Taking it, I couldn\rquote t hide my shakes this time. My aloofness and spirit\par
were gone, replaced by a brittle shaking leaf.\par
A leaf that was turned on and damp.\par
Upon reflection of his crimes, Percy Weaver hereby submits to this\par
esquire\rquote s ruling and moves to action the latest degree formulated in this\par
very chamber by Bennett Hawk. The death warrant upon the heads of the\par
Weaver House will be eradicated and burned upon signature of this newly\par
drafted document. Terms forthcoming...\par
That was it?\par
Tears spurted from my eyes. I\rquote d let countless men suck on my breasts\par
for no more than a tease?\par
How could they?\par
How could I?\par
How could I allow my body to react to their foul ministrations? I hated\par
myself. I hated that I couldn\rquote t hide my weakness or the stupid hormones I\rquote d\par
spent my whole life ignoring.\par
My knees wobbled and I almost folded like an accordion to the floor.\par
\ldblquote You pass out and you won\rquote t like what you find when you awake.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s voice cut through my grief.\par
Anger battled away my tears, nursing a new warmth inside. A warmth\par
born of rage rather than flimsy passion. This burned hotter; it licked with\par
orange flames, abolishing my hunger and weakness.\par
I was fed by anger. I smouldered with hate. I became stronger because\par
of it. It gave me power to continue, but also stole my safety of acceptance. I\par
hissed and scalded with liveliness. I couldn\rquote t switch off.\par
\ldblquote The next course, Ms. Weaver,\rdblquote  Jethro commanded from his position at\par
the head of the table. Balling my hands, I threw away the parchment and\par
stalked to the sideboard.\par
Dessert.\par
I knew what would happen.\par
I can\rquote t do this.\par
You will do this.\par
In my rage, I made a reckless decision. I was at war with my body\emdash\par
why not step over the battle line and join them? Why not embrace it? It was\par
yet another tool\emdash another lesson. If I embraced the new feelings inside, I\par
would be better equipped at chipping away at Jethro\rquote s cold exoskeleton of\par
ice and burrowing my way into his warmth.\par
I would make him care.\par
I would pleasure him.\par
Then I would kill him.\par
My legs scissored together. Everything inside curled deeper into hiding.\par
The moment I went near the table, I would lose all control. I didn\rquote t trust my\par
body. It overpowered me every time. And it sucked to be in this mess with a\par
traitor.\par
Get it over and done with.\par
Taking a deep breath, I collected my last course.\par
Passing Jethro with a gilded tray of mini \f0\'e9clairs, bon bons, and trifles, I\par
kept my eyes down. He\rquote d torment me, no doubt.\par
Sure enough, his arm wrapped around my shoulders, forcing me to face\par
him. His breathing was slightly uneven; his voice lost a tiny shred of\par
chilliness. \ldblquote Get through this, and I\rquote ll reward you. I\rquote ll be kind, because you\par
deserve it.\rdblquote  Pressing a possessive kiss on my cheek, he whispered, \ldblquote I\rquote ll\par
wipe it all away.\rdblquote\par
I was struck dumb by the rare and scarily beautiful glimpse at a man I\par
didn\rquote t know existed. But then I blinked as Jethro's ice slid back into place, a\par
grim smirk on his lips. \ldblquote My offer only stands as long as you don\rquote t speak,\par
act out, or disappoint me.\rdblquote\par
Unwinding his arm, he shoved me toward his father.\par
Almost drunkenly, I moved toward Mr. Hawk. My stomach quivered\par
with trepidation; my heart was prey running frantically for its life.\par
Mr. Hawk smiled, holding up another piece of paper. \ldblquote Here. Your last\par
one until you\rquote ve completed this final service. I think you deserve it, don\rquote t\par
you?\rdblquote  His eyes raked down the front of my ridiculous maid\rquote s uniform. The\par
cap had stayed in place\f1\emdash how, I didn\rquote t know.\par
Patting my arse, he added, \ldblquote I must admit you refrained beautifully, even\par
your mother who was my favourite, didn\rquote t do so elegantly at her first dinner\par
party.\rdblquote\par
I ignored that, latching onto the parchment.\par
Mr. Hawk motioned me to put the tray on the table, before handing over\par
the small piece.\par
Percy Weaver and family hereby acknowledge his agreeance to the one\par
and only term set forth by Bennett Hawk. In accordance with the law, both\par
parties have agreed that the paperwork is binding, unbreakable, and\par
incontestable from now and forever. Details and parties of both signatures\par
are displayed on the enclosed verified document, henceforth known as the\par
Debt Inheritance.\par
My eyes met his.\par
If only I had the rest. I would scream and give up the charade of\par
obedience. I was done. I would take pain to avoid what was about to\par
happen. I would take pain rather than pleasure because then I would still\par
know myself. The longer this went on, the less in-tune I was with the girl\par
I\rquote d been.\par
Too many feelings. Too many sensors. Too many rabbit-holes with too\par
many right and wrongs.\par
You\rquote re giving up so soon? They killed your mother! They\rquote ve broken your\par
father\rquote s heart. Could I not stomach some unpleasantness and confusion in\par
order to find a way to repay them?\par
Disappointment weighed my heart. I thought I\rquote d have more endurance.\par
No. I won\rquote t give in.\par
This is nothing. Be that kite. Cut your strings again.\par
Bracing my shoulders, I moved closer to Mr. Hawk without being\par
asked.\par
His eyes widened, then a grin spread his lips. \ldblquote Good girl, indeed.\rdblquote\par
Bowing his head, his arm wrapped around my waist, tilting me back a little.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re proving to be a testament to my son\rquote s training.\rdblquote\par
My waist height was almost perfect for a lowered mouth to latch onto\par
the front part of my sex.\par
And that was when I felt the strangest, wettest, alluring, disgusting thing\par
of my life.\par
His tongue slid along my clit, wriggling softly, drenching me in saliva.\par
My stomach clenched, my hands balled, and I wobbled in his arms.\par
The disgusting element didn\rquote t leave. I waited for my body to betray me,\par
to like it, but all I felt was grotesque impatience for it to be over.\par
And then...it was.\par
My first experience with a tongue down below, and it\rquote d been done by a\par
man older than my father. If I didn\rquote t have an empty stomach, I would\rquote ve\par
thrown up all over again. There was nothing sexy or erotic about that.\par
Tapping my behind, he murmured, \ldblquote Proceed.\rdblquote\par
Swallowing hard, I collected the dessert tray and crossed the small\par
distance to Orange Tattoo. He crooked his finger, beckoning me closer.\par
Locking my jaw, I held the desserts high and did as he requested. His\par
orange hair tickled my thighs as he leaned down, running his tongue over\par
the private bundle of nerves.\par
Luckily for me, I wasn\rquote t sensitive, nor did I enjoy it.\par
Once he\rquote d taken his trifle and tasted his fill, I left to serve the next.\par
And the next.\par
And the next.\par
Some men forced my legs to spread, angling their faces deep. Some\par
men barely touched me, their hot breath wafting between my thighs.\par
I would like to say I managed to turn my brain off\emdash to do what I\par
promised and fly free, but every tongue kept me locked in the world I lived\par
in. Every lick made my body turn to stone while my tummy twisted and\par
ached from clenching.\par
I delivered dessert, but I was the ultimate sweet. The men took their\par
time, firm fingers holding my hips, dragging their foul tongues. And after\par
every violation, they\rquote d wipe their glistening mouths and say, \ldblquote Thank you,\par
Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Thank you.\par
As if their appreciation was enough to stop me from feeling like dirt.\par
Their treatment never changed. They remained courteous and gentle.\par
Obeying boundaries and not doing anything but licking me in a place they\par
had no right.\par
Their pleasantness made all of this seem so normal. So terribly normal.\par
And my hatred slowly switched back to acceptance. The small flutter I\rquote d\par
felt from my nipples being sucked returned\emdash frightful, tentative, but\par
softening my hate tongue by tongue.\par
They weren\rquote t hurting me. They weren\rquote t making me do anything that had\par
the potential to shatter my mind.\par
They just tasted.\par
A little taste.\par
That\rquote s all.\par
And I didn\rquote t fight.\par
Not at all.\par
I\rquote m wet.\par
By the time I came to Daniel, my legs were drenched and the trimmed\par
hair I meticulously maintained was mattered with droplets of Diamond\par
brotherhood.\par
My hands were balled around the tray; my jaw tight and aching.\par
Because no matter my good intentions\emdash they\rquote d won. They\rquote d caused my\par
body to have a reaction, and I was soaking.\par
The strange ache that Jethro had conjured was back, pulsing deep in my\par
core. The flicker of tongues and gentle tastes frustrated me and I hated,\par
positively hated, that I had to fight my hips from pressing harder against\par
them.\par
I\rquote d begun the service uptight but now I was wound tight. Seeking\par
something. Seeking relief.\par
Daniel pushed his chair back, angling me physically between his spread\par
hips. With a malicious glint in his eyes, he pushed me back with a firm\par
palm between my breasts. \ldblquote Fuck the stupid rule.\rdblquote\par
I gasped as his mouth latched around my clit. The suction of his mouth\par
made my body twist with oversensitivity. He wasn\rquote t playful or respectful\par
like the rest of the men. He knew what he wanted and he took.\par
Hard.\par
The ache wound tighter and tighter, clawing its way toward relief.\par
I squeezed my eyes. I couldn\rquote t look at the men watching. I couldn\rquote t do\par
anything but breathe and get through it. And I definitely couldn\rquote t look up\par
where a small growl came, masked with silence.\par
It was nothing more than a growl.\par
But it resonated in my bones with knowledge.\par
Jethro.\par
The few seconds that each man had taken seemed much longer in\par
Daniel\rquote s arms. Suddenly, I cried out, jerking hard.\par
The tip of his tongue probed my entrance, trying to enter me.\par
No one had done that. They\rquote d behaved with some unspoken rule to taste\par
but not devour.\par
Fuck the stupid rule.\par
Daniel\rquote s voice repeated in my head. Had there been guidelines on how I\par
was to be treated?\par
Everything we\rquote re doing is following a strict set of rules\emdash laid out in\par
utmost simplicity and must be followed.\par
I recalled what Mr. Hawk had said.\par
He had rules meant to ruin me but also...protect me?\par
Daniel tried again, his fingers biting into me painfully.\par
Then, I was wrenched away.\par
Torn free of his grip with a slice of his fingernails and dragged to the\par
end of the table. The empty dessert tray went flying, clanging against the\par
floor.\par
My legs tripped, sending me colliding with a body I\rquote d been so intimate\par
with only hours before.\par
The crash of the tray cut through the room like a loud cymbal. But no\par
one said a word.\par
The moment Jethro dragged me to the head of the table opposite Mr.\par
Hawk, he shoved the largest of all parchments into my hands. His eyes were\par
dark, face tight. \ldblquote Here, read it.\rdblquote\par
Breathing fast, trying hard to forget about the sticky saliva between my\par
legs and the sensation of having his brother\rquote s tongue trying to enter me, I\par
took the tattered age-stained scroll.\par
Jethro scowled, keeping a small distance between us. His coldness\par
buffeted me, sending ice scattering over my bare arms. He looked pissed off\par
\emdash furious, yet there was something there that made my stomach twist.\par
Whatever game we\rquote d played, whatever war we\rquote d started back at the\par
stables, wasn\rquote t finished. He knew it. I knew it. And the knowledge sent\par
power thrilling through my veins.\par
Leaning close, he hissed, \ldblquote Stop staring at me, Ms. Weaver. I gave you a\par
request.\rdblquote  Tapping the scroll in my palm, he snapped, \ldblquote Read. It.\rdblquote\par
Tearing my eyes from his, I obeyed.\par
The intricate border caught my attention first. Along with a design of\par
vines and filigree, the words bound, indebted, owned were entwined in red\par
ink.\par
The calligraphy of ancestors past sentenced me to a life worse than\par
death. My rights had been taken. My life stolen. My body no longer mine.\par
18th August 1472\par
Signed and witness by Esq John Law\par
Matter between Weaver versus Hawk\par
Known forthwith as the Debt Inheritance\par
This hereby concludes all debate and conversation and puts forth a\par
binding debt. Council has been provided along with sovereign approval for\par
such an agreement.\par
As set in this chamber, I have witnessed the signatures of both parties of\par
House Weaver and House Hawk, along with their significant entourage and\par
companions.\par
The debt states as follows.\par
Percy Weaver hereby solemnly swears to present his firstborn girl-child,\par
Sonya Weaver, to the firstborn son of Bennett Hawk, known as William\par
Hawk. This will nullify all unrest and unpleasantries until such a time as a\par
new generation comes to pass.\par
This debt will not only bind the current occupancies of the year of our\par
Lord 1472 but every year thereafter. Every firstborn Weaver girl will be\par
gifted as fair comeuppance to the firstborn Hawk boy to be claimed\par
between the years of one and eight and six and twenty respectively. Both\par
parties will be forever agreed on this day set forth.\par
The life and all attributes will be determined by the current Hawk, no\par
rules or precedence will be set, and this agreement raises them above the\par
law, operating within the grace of the royal decree.\par
Signed:\par
Bennett Hawk & Family\f0 .\f1\par
Percy Weaver and Family\f0 .\par
Jethro.\lang9\par
I KNEW WHEN she\rquote d read it.\par
I knew when the final sentence sank in.\par
We had a document signed, sealed, and delivered by the royal\par
magistrate of England giving us carte blanche to do as we liked. There was\par
nothing illegal about my actions. There was nothing anyone could find me\par
guilty of.\par
It was the ultimate approval.\par
Not to mention, we had wealth to ensure no one would contest it. There\par
was nothing to fight against. The sooner she accepted that, the easier this\par
would be.\par
Nila\rquote s eyes bugged wide, looking up from the parchment.\par
Grabbing her shoulders, I backed her against the table. The horror living\par
in her black gaze was enough to drag a tiny bit of humanness from my cold\par
soul.\par
Watching her being tasted\f1\emdash I wouldn\rquote t deny\emdash it fucked me off. She was\par
my plaything. Mine to torment.\par
I was pissed at my father for permitting the entire brotherhood to use\par
her. They weren\rquote t deserving of drinking someone\rquote s misery. That right was a\par
Hawk\rquote s and only a fucking Hawk\rquote s. Excluding my younger cock of a\par
brother.\par
He deserved shit.\par
Grinding my teeth, I placed my palm against her sternum, pressing her\par
breakable chest. Her heart beat like a war drum beneath my fingers.\par
Her lips parted, but she didn\rquote t fight as I pushed her backward.\par
I didn\rquote t say a word\emdash controlling her by sheer anger and will.\par
Her defined stomach muscles clenched as she gave in, sprawling\par
backward onto the table. A small sound of pain came from her lips,\par
catching her weight on her elbows.\par
She refused to lie down.\par
She would.\par
My cock fucking bruised itself, punching my belt time and time again.\par
Only I knew how she tasted when she wanted to be tasted. Only I knew\par
how she sounded when she wanted it so fucking bad. And only I knew how\par
tight she was.\par
That tightness belonged to me.\par
I doubted I\rquote d fit. I doubted I\rquote d get half my dick inside her, but until I\rquote d\par
had the pleasure of trying, no one else was permitted near her. I had the\par
scroll giving me power over everyone on that subject\emdash including my father.\par
I swallowed hard. The anger watching my brother stick his fucking\par
tongue inside her boiled. I teetered on a dangerous edge.\par
Pull back.\par
I couldn\rquote t.\par
I wanted what I wanted, and I\rquote d take what was owed to me.\par
\ldblquote You finally understand.\rdblquote  My voice was thicker, deeper, overrun with\par
the dark lust that\rquote d been created this morning. She\rquote d done this to me. It was\par
her curse to fix me.\par
I couldn\rquote t look at her without feeling her thrust against my finger. I\par
couldn\rquote t see past the challenge. The building strength in her skinny frame.\par
She was learning.\par
I was learning.\par
We were learning how to play this game together.\par
She shivered as I dragged my hand down her front, moving lower and\par
lower. My cock ached for the wet temptation belonging to me. I was\par
responsible for her.\par
She\rquote d been through a lot. She\rquote d obeyed even though she\rquote d fought.\par
She\rquote d kept it together but now she was precariously close to losing it. I\par
wasn\rquote t so heartless to ignore that craving in her eyes. The borderline\par
insanity of needing a release. Combined with finally seeing proof that we\par
were the good guys? Well, I owed her.\par
Just a little.\par
It was my job to take her to the edge, dangle her for a time, but then\par
draw her back into safety. My purpose was to bridle everything she was, so\par
she would do anything I asked.\par
Glaring into her eyes, I said, \ldblquote You are mine. I am not your master or\par
owner or boss. I am the man who controls your entire existence until you\par
pay off your family\rquote s debts. You don\rquote t breathe unless I permit it. You don\rquote t\par
move unless I request it. You live a simple life now. One with a single word\par
you need remember...yes.\rdblquote\par
My touch skated from her belly to her hips.\par
She stiffened to a plank. Her gaze left mine, locking on the ornate\par
ceiling.\par
\ldblquote Look at me.\rdblquote  My voice turned harsh, barbaric beneath its cultured\par
refinement. \ldblquote Has it sunk in yet? That I can do anything I want to you?\rdblquote\par
She didn\rquote t respond\emdash just like she\rquote d been told not to. Silence. Blissful,\par
blessed silence. She couldn\rquote t admonish or argue. She was pliant.\par
Wondrously pliant.\par
She deserves a reward.\par
I tried to hold back.\par
I didn\rquote t want an audience.\par
But fuck it.\par
Shoving her higher on the table, I slapped away her position on her\par
elbows, crashing her spine onto the wood. She cried out, then sucked in a\par
harsh breath.\par
I grabbed her legs, forcing them wide.\par
Her pink flesh invited me, glistening, not from other men\rquote s tongues, but\par
arousal. Arousal for me. Arousal that I intended to take advantage of.\par
Grabbing an untouched glass of water from a Diamond brother, I\par
dumped the liquid all over Nila\rquote s pussy.\par
She cried out; legs trying to scissor. But I didn\rquote t let her move.\par
The water trickled through her dark hair, pooling beneath her. It wasn\rquote t\par
enough, but it washed at least some of the men\rquote s spit away.\par
I only wanted to taste her.\par
Hooking my hands beneath her hips, I held her tight.\par
\ldblquote No. Don\rquote t\emdash\rdblquote\par
Too fucking late.\par
With a fleeting smile, I captured her swollen cunt in my mouth.\par
The moment my tongue shot out, pressing firm and hard, she arched off\par
the table.\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote  Her mouth hung wide, her neck straining as every muscle shot\par
into stark relief. Her black hair fanned out on the table, sliding against her\par
shoulders as she writhed on the wood.\par
Snapping my fingers, I glared at two Diamond brothers. They leapt to\par
attention, grabbing her wrists and holding her down.\par
She squirmed. She fought. But my fingers only bit harder into her arse,\par
keeping her pinned wide and open.\par
My fucking brother didn\rquote t have the right to tongue-fuck her.\par
But I did.\par
I hadn\rquote t planned on giving her such a reward, but...it wasn\rquote t just her\par
getting off on this.\par
The power. The submission. Her taste. Her damn fucking taste.\par
I showed too much. I let go of my tight restraint and drank.\par
She groaned as I shifted a hand, holding her hipbones hard on the table.\par
Then she whimpered. My tongue became my weapon of choice as I licked\par
downward. No hesitation. No teasing.\par
I was there for one goal.\par
Her goal.\par
My eyes rolled back as I plunged my tongue inside her tight hot\par
warmth.\par
Fuck me.\par
\ldblquote God!\rdblquote  Her hips tried to run from my invasion. Her mouth opened\par
wide; her ribcage visible as her lungs strained to breathe.\par
I set a pace no one would be able to ignore.\par
I fucked her. There was no other word for how I drove my tongue in and\par
out, fast and possessive. The muscles in her belly clenched. She panted, she\par
moaned, then she screamed.\par
She gave up the fight, giving into me.\par
A spasm of pre-cum dampened my jeans as her hips shot upward, her\par
clit brushing against my nose.\par
Her body twisted, trying to get her hands free, but the brothers wouldn\rquote t\par
let her go.\par
She turned wild. Seeking. Demanding. The same sexual creature from\par
the stables.\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe without dragging her scent into my lungs. I couldn\rquote t\par
swallow without drinking her. And I couldn\rquote t fucking think without wanting\par
to tear off my jeans and plunge deep inside her.\par
My tongue worked faster, the tips of my teeth gracing her pussy as I\par
drove deeper than I\rquote d ever gone before.\par
I ate her. I fucked her. I owned her.\par
Her tight pussy squeezed my tongue, begging for more.\par
I\rquote ll give you more.\par
I\rquote d given her too much already.\par
Fuck.\par
Her legs suddenly latched around my ears, grinding herself onto my\par
face.\par
She moaned hard; a breathless beg on her lips. I couldn\rquote t stop myself.\par
My tongue drove harder; my head bobbed faster.\par
She unravelled.\par
She combusted.\par
She screamed as she came on my tongue\f0\lang1033 .\lang9\par
\lang1033 Nila.\par
OH, MY GOD.\par
Oh, my God.\par
It didn\rquote t. It couldn\rquote t. He didn\rquote t. I couldn\rquote t.\par
What the hell did I just do?\par
Jethro stood straight, breathing hard. His eyes were tight; his mouth\par
drenched and red.\par
My cheeks flamed, heart racing like I\rquote d run ten kilometres.\par
What was that?\par
What magic did he possess that made me throw away selfconsciousness, decorum, and hatred? How could I squirm that way? Sound\par
that way? Come that way?\par
I came.\par
He made me come.\par
My captor shot me free for one blissful second, granting me something\par
no one else had. The sparks and waves and mind-twisting delicious\par
clenching. I wanted more. I wanted it now.\par
Jethro wiped his mouth, trying unsuccessfully to hide the lust glowing\par
in his eyes. He\rquote d given, not taken. He\rquote d done what he said.\par
I\rquote ll wipe it all away.\par
The only thing I could focus on was him. The room of men didn\rquote t\par
matter. Their tongues and touches and pleasantly whispered thank yous\par
were gone. Burned to a crisp thanks to the nuclear explosion he\rquote d set off. I\par
was no longer at the mercy of the room. I owned the room.\par
Then everything came crashing back.\par
My first orgasm was given by a man whose father killed my mother.\par
My privacy had been completely stripped by the man who\rquote d stolen me\par
from my family.\par
He\rquote d made me sleep with dogs.\par
He played with my head.\par
He didn\rquote t give a damn about me.\par
Why was he so clever? So perfectly designed for this game?\par
I struggled to sit up. The two men holding my wrists let me go, and I\par
shot into a sitting position, wrapping arms around my torso.\par
The hot sparkly burst that made everything so inconsequential faded\par
with every rapid heartbeat. It was like being in the eye of the storm. Jethro\par
granted me silence. He\rquote d shared his heavenly silence and quieted my mind\par
from everything I was feeling.\par
But now the storm gathered strength, howling, twisting, sucking me\par
back up the funnel of horrors.\par
Eyes.\par
So many eyes upon me. Paintings and real. Men who\rquote d seen me naked.\par
Men who\rquote d licked every inch. Men who didn\rquote t care if I lived or died.\par
You let him control you.\par
You let your body rule your mind.\par
You let yourself down.\par
Crushing grief swamped me. I couldn\rquote t be there another moment. I\par
couldn\rquote t sit there with residual sparks shivering in my core. I couldn\rquote t\par
pretend that everything was acceptable.\par
Jethro smirked, his breathing calmed as he dragged large hands through\par
his hair. My heart broke into shards. How could he give me something so\par
incredible all while hating me? His mercurial moods, his unreadable face\f1\emdash\par
it confused me. Even worse, it upset me.\par
Visceral repulsion and horror howled through me as the storm grew in\par
strength. The compliant prisoner disappeared under a tsunami of rage. This\par
wasn\rquote t okay. None of this was okay.\par
This is not okay!\par
Balling my hands, I scooted off the table. Keeping my distance from\par
Jethro, I bared my teeth at him\emdash the first male to drive me up a mountain\par
I\rquote d never leapt off before.\par
Him.\par
He\rquote d had no right to make me come. To give me a gift not out of\par
kindness but control. He\rquote d proven a valuable lesson. He could make me do\par
anything he wanted, and there was nothing I could do about it.\par
His eyebrow quirked; chin tilted with arrogance. He didn\rquote t say a word,\par
moving to lean against the door with his hands jammed in his pockets. He\par
gave nothing away. No hint at how he felt watching other men use me. No\par
clue as to what he was thinking when he made me come.\par
I was his to repay this horrible ludicrous debt. But he didn\rquote t seem to\par
care.\par
And that was what broke my heart.\par
He didn\rquote t give an arse about what happened to me. Everything I\rquote d\par
hoped\emdash the secret plan to make him care\emdash was smashed to dust. There was\par
no pleasing a rock like him. No appealing to his compassion.\par
He has none.\par
Tearing my eyes from his, I glowered at the table. Standing tall, I\par
embraced my nakedness.  I throbbed with righteousness. I trembled with\par
indecency.\par
I hated what I wore. It covered nothing and was theirs. I wanted nothing\par
to do with them. I wanted to refuse their food, spit out their water, and burn\par
their clothes. Not that they\rquote d offered me any.\par
With suddenly steady hands, I tore the French maid\rquote s cap off my head. I\par
threw it down the table. The satin wood let it slide all the way to the centre\par
where it rested like a stain, a sin\emdash a simple innocuous thing screaming of\par
wrongness.\par
The men didn\rquote t move.\par
Fumbling at the ties around my neck, I pulled the hated pinafore over\par
my head and balled it up. Standing proud, naked\emdash showing off my bruises\par
from vertigo and tongue smears from bastards\emdash I spoke. \ldblquote Look at you.\par
Look at how masculine and powerful you are.\rdblquote  Pointing my finger around\par
the table, I growled, \ldblquote Look at how scary and dominating and strong you\par
are. Look at how proud you must be. You proved you\rquote re invincible by\par
taking advantage of a woman brought here against her will. You used a girl\par
who has to live her worst nightmares to protect those she loves.\rdblquote\par
Stabbing myself in the chest, I whispered, \ldblquote Wait...I got it wrong. You\rquote re\par
not the strong ones. I am. You\rquote re weak and disgusting. By doing what you\par
did, you gave me more power than I\rquote ve ever had before. You gave me a\par
new skill\emdash a skill at ignoring you because you\rquote re nothing. Nothing.\par
Nothing!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And you!\rdblquote  I swung my arm, gaze zeroing in on Jethro. The one man\par
who held my life in the palm of his hand. He was nothing. Just like his\par
brethren of bastards.\par
Jethro stood taller, a shadow darkening his face. His hands came out of\par
his pockets, crossing in front of his large chest.\par
\ldblquote You...\rdblquote  I seethed. \ldblquote You think you\rquote re the baddest one here. You think\par
I\rquote ll cower. You think I\rquote ll obey.\rdblquote  Running both hands through my hair, I\par
shouted, \ldblquote I\rquote ll never cower. I\rquote ll never obey. You\rquote ll never break me, because\par
you can\rquote t touch me.\rdblquote\par
Spanning my arms, I presented my naked form as a gift\emdash the gift he\rquote d\par
hinted at wanting but hadn\rquote t taken. \ldblquote I\rquote ll never be yours even though you\par
own my life. I\rquote ll never bow to you because my knees don\rquote t recognise your\par
so-called power. So do your worst. Hurt me. Rape me. Kill me. But you\rquote ll\par
never ever own me.\rdblquote\par
Breathing hard, I waited.\par
The room had remained silent. But now it filled with rustling of leather\par
as men shifted in their seats. The atmosphere went from shocked silence to\par
heavy anticipation.\par
My overworked heart kicked into another gear, sending my vision a\par
little grey, a little fuzzy. Please, not now.\par
Planting my legs, gripping the soft carpet beneath my toes, I locked my\par
knees against a wave of vertigo.\par
Mr. Hawk was the first to move. He placed his elbows on the table,\par
linking his fingers together. \ldblquote I was wrong. You\rquote re nothing like your mother.\par
She had a brain. She was smart.\rdblquote  His voice dropped the chivalrous country\par
man edge, deepening into violent snaps, \ldblquote You, on the other hand, are wilful\par
and stupid. You don\rquote t see that we are your family now. The moment you\par
slept under my roof you became a Hawk by means of acquisition.\rdblquote\par
I laughed. \ldblquote I\rquote m still a Weaver then because I didn\rquote t sleep under your\par
roof.\rdblquote  My kitten claws sharpened. I\rquote d never been a fighter, but something\par
called to me. Something intoxicating and lethal.\par
He leaned forward, anger etching his face. \ldblquote You will learn your place.\par
Mark my words.\rdblquote\par
I wanted to fight. I\rquote d listened to their damn history lessons, it was time\par
they listened to mine. \ldblquote I may not have records so perfectly kept as yours,\par
but I do know my family is innocent. Whatever happened back then was\par
between them\emdash not us. Leave it in the past. My family created a business of\par
making clothes. We dressed the royal court but also donated to the poor. I\rquote m\par
proud of where I\rquote ve come from and for you to\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Jet!\rdblquote  Mr. Hawk pinched the bridge of his nose. \ldblquote Shut her up.\rdblquote\par
Jethro immediately slammed a hand over my mouth.\par
I froze. I knew I\rquote d brought whatever punishment was about to happen\par
upon myself. I couldn\rquote t blame anyone, but I wouldn\rquote t let myself regret what\par
I\rquote d said. I believed I was a good person. So were my twin, father, mother,\par
and ancestors.\par
\ldblquote You just had to push,\rdblquote  Jethro hissed. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to draw blood for\par
this.\rdblquote\par
My heart rabbited but I forced myself to remember one important fact.\par
They can\rquote t hurt you too much.\par
There would be pain. There would be agony. But they meant to keep me\par
alive. I had debts to repay before my life was stolen.\par
Never taking his eyes off mine, Mr. Hawk, ordered, \ldblquote Jethro. Teach this\par
woman that Hawks are a forgiving family but there are times when\par
strictness is required in lieu of allowing little tantrums like this to occur.\rdblquote\par
His eyes switched from mine to his son\rquote s. \ldblquote Take her. Deal with her. I don\rquote t\par
want to see her again until she\rquote s lost the misplaced righteousness she seems\par
to think she\rquote s owed.\rdblquote\par
Jethro nodded, jostling our bodies. His fingers unglued from around my\par
mouth and he grabbed my wrist. Every part of me shrank from his\par
overbearing body and granite golden eyes, but I forced myself to stand tall.\par
I growled, \ldblquote Whatever you do won\rquote t matter. What happened before will\par
never happen again.\rdblquote  I would never let my body rule my mind no matter\par
what he did. \ldblquote You may be able to hurt me but you should know how\par
pathetic it is for a man to hurt a woman. That isn\rquote t power. It\rquote s a weakness!\rdblquote\par
He grunted under his breath. \ldblquote Motherfucking Christ.\rdblquote  His temper\par
increased until the large room pulsed with it.\par
Another wave of vertigo grabbed my brain. But I managed the\par
impossible, fighting through the grey unsteady wave\emdash staying on my feet.\par
I fought the imbalance thanks to letting myself unlock so many facets of\par
who I truly was. I stood proud and naked, wearing only dried saliva and\par
bruises.\par
Jethro jerked me closer. He swallowed his anger until nothing outward\par
showed\emdash no annoyance or amazement\emdash he was as opaque as a black\par
iceberg and just as sharp.\par
\ldblquote If you will, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  Suddenly he let me go, waving toward the\par
double doors behind me. They opened wide as if staff waited on the other\par
side for his command.\par
When I didn\rquote t move, he snapped, \ldblquote Now!\rdblquote\par
My arms wanted to wind around my body. I wanted to hide from his\par
intense gaze, but I fought every instinct and elegantly pirouetted on my\par
toes. I left the room as demurely and proudly as possible. Without a\par
backward glance.\par
The moment the doors slammed behind us, Jethro grabbed my elbow,\par
prowling forward as if the flames of hell craved his soul. I went from\par
walking to jogging to keep up with his pace.\par
My vision lost its clarity for a moment, fading in and out as another\par
wash of unbalance tried to steal me, but Jethro didn\rquote t give me time to give\par
in. He didn\rquote t give me time to care that he dragged me down a corridor so\par
wide it could\rquote ve been a hall. He didn\rquote t let me inspect the countless weapons\par
\emdash swords, bayonets, crossbows, and knives\emdash or catch the eye of surprised\par
staff.\par
I breathed hard when we finally crashed through one of the many\par
exterior doors and were welcomed from brooding red corridor to bright\par
early-autumn sun.\par
Jethro kept walking, not letting me catch my breath.\par
Dragging me down the four huge steps, I winced as the gravel bit into\par
the soles of my feet. But he didn\rquote t care. He didn\rquote t even notice.\par
Our feet kicked up pebbles as he headed toward the treeline several\par
metres from the house. I\rquote d never seen this side of the property before. But\par
the grounds were just as expansive and impressive as the other perimeters\par
and just as dangerous.\par
This was my cage. Leaves and thorns and brambles.\par
And I\rquote m naked.\par
The moment gravel was replaced by soft grass below my toes, Jethro\par
tossed me away. I would\rquote ve fallen if I wasn\rquote t malleable and given up\par
fighting his momentum. I stumbled forward, arms soaring outward as if I\par
could suddenly leave the world behind and fly. Fly away. Fly free.\par
The moment I came to a halt, I spun to face him.\par
Jethro was right behind me. He fisted my hair, twisting my neck.\par
I whimpered as he raised my head, higher and higher. My eyes coasted\par
over his crisp grey shirt, and locked onto a pair of ferocious eyes.\par
\ldblquote Tell me. What did you hope to achieve in there?\rdblquote  He didn\rquote t give me a\par
chance to reply, tugging my hair in a painful jerk. \ldblquote Did you honestly think\par
before you opened your mouth? If you had stood there and been silent, it\par
would\rquote ve all been over. You earned an afternoon on your own in a hot\par
steam bath. A maid to bring you whatever you wanted to eat.\rdblquote  He shook\par
me. \ldblquote What part of a gift for good behaviour did you not understand?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want your charity.\rdblquote\par
He groaned. \ldblquote It\rquote s not fucking charity if you\rquote ve earned it.\rdblquote  Lowering his\par
head, his nose pressed against mine.\par
I froze.\par
\ldblquote You earned it today. You pleased me by letting those men sample you.\par
You surprised me in a good way.\rdblquote  The softness of his voice disappeared\par
under a torrent of rage. \ldblquote But then you fucked it all up by being you. And\par
now...\rdblquote  He trailed off, ideas glowing in his eyes.\par
Letting me go, I backed away from him, grabbing my hair and quickly\par
twisting it into a loose braid down my back. I hated the thickness, the\par
length. It seemed to invite Jethro to use it anyway he pleased. My scalp had\par
never been so bruised.\par
The diamond collar sent little rainbows of light bouncing from the\par
sunlight. I would\rquote ve laughed if I wasn\rquote t so tense. I was naked but wearing\par
rainbows\emdash I never would\rquote ve thought to combine magic with fashion.\par
Ideas for a new design line came thick and fast. I craved a pencil to\par
sketch before they disappeared.\par
Jethro placed both hands on his hips, watching me silently.\par
I didn\rquote t move. I didn\rquote t say a word. The fragile ceasefire between us\par
stretched uncomfortably thin. It would either snap and ricochet onto me\par
with terrible pain or fade away like a feather on a breeze.\par
\ldblquote I see threats don\rquote t work on you. But perhaps a negotiation might.\rdblquote\par
Despite myself, curiosity and hope swelled in my heart. \ldblquote A\par
negotiation?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A one shot offer. You win, you\rquote re free. I win, you forget about your old\par
life and give in. You say I\rquote ll never own you. If I win\emdash you willingly give\par
me that right.\rdblquote  His lips pulled into a cold smile. \ldblquote You sign not only the debt\par
agreement but another\emdash one that makes me your master until your last\par
breath is taken. You do that, and I\rquote ll give you this.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Give me what?\rdblquote  I asked breathlessly.\par
\ldblquote A chance at freedom.\rdblquote\par
My eyes popped wide.\par
What?\par
He cocked his head at the forest behind me. \ldblquote You wanted to be free\emdash so\par
go. Run. Go seek your freedom.\rdblquote\par
I twisted on the spot, looking over my shoulder. The sun dappled\par
patches of leaf-strewn ground, looking like a fairy glen, but then it grew\par
darker and thicker and scarier.\par
The diamond collar rested heavy and ruinously ominous on my throat.\par
My spine ached from the short time I\rquote d been made to wear it; the coldness\par
still hadn\rquote t adapted to my skin. How could I run with such a deterrent?\par
How can you not?\par
It was the one chance I\rquote d hoped for. The one chance I didn\rquote t think I\rquote d\par
get.\par
Squeezing my eyes, I let Jethro's ultimatum\emdash his negotiation\emdash seep into\par
my brain. If I ran, I might make it. If I ran, I might get what I wanted. But if\par
I lost...\par
Turning to face him again, the golden-light from the sun cast him with\par
ghostly silhouette, blurring his outline, creating more than just a man. He\par
looked as if he had one foot in this world and one in hell. A fallen angel\par
who still burned with fire\emdash yet it wasn\rquote t purity he burned with but hate.\par
Jethro raised an eyebrow. \ldblquote What\rquote s it going to be?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you\rquote re offering.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes you do.\rdblquote\par
I did. I do.\par
He took a small step toward me. \ldblquote You want to break the contract? You\par
want to keep your brother and father safe? Fine. I\rquote m giving you a one-time\par
deal. Run. If you make it to the boundary, you\rquote re free. Your family will\par
never be hunted by the Hawks again. You make it, and this is all over.\par
Every last debt and ounce of history\emdash disappears.\rdblquote  His voice licked through\par
the sunshine.\par
A small sparkle from my earlier orgasm rippled between my legs. \ldblquote And\par
if I don\rquote t?\rdblquote\par
Jethro frowned. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If I don\rquote t run...what happens then?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You wouldn\rquote t run? After I just offered you what you\rquote ve wanted all\par
along?\rdblquote\par
I crossed my wrists over the junction of my thighs, hiding my pussy. \ldblquote I\par
didn\rquote t say I wanted the chance to run naked through a thousand hectares. I\par
said I wanted this to be over.\rdblquote\par
Jethro smirked. \ldblquote It\rquote s not over until it\rquote s over.\rdblquote  His eyes fell to my collar,\par
glinting with darkness. \ldblquote And we both know how it will be over.\rdblquote\par
Moving closer, he said quietly, \ldblquote There is no other option here, Ms.\par
Weaver. I\rquote m not giving you the choice to run. I\rquote m telling you to run. You\par
wanted it. You got it. One chance to save your family as well as your own\par
life. One chance. You do not want to fuck it up by testing my patience.\rdblquote\par
My mind stumbled with everything that\rquote d happened. There was no\par
denying chemistry flew between us\emdash but Jethro didn\rquote t respond. He was\par
only interested in the chase. The hunt. The sport.\par
He stood so close, every time he breathed, his chest almost touched my\par
nipples. He didn\rquote t seem to care I was naked or offer clothing for this one\par
and only chance at freedom. He would make me run unprotected through a\par
forest full of brambles, predators, and trip-worthy roots.\par
His arm raised and I clamped every muscle from cringing as he cupped\par
my cheek. His heady scent of woods and leather settled over me. Tracing\par
the pad of his thumb over my cheekbone, he bowed his head. \ldblquote Run, Ms.\par
Weaver. Run. But one thing you should know before you go.\rdblquote\par
Do not play his games. Do not rise to the bait.\par
My lips stayed pinched together. I stiffened in his hold.\par
His mouth tickled the soft skin below my ear. \ldblquote While you\rquote re running,\par
I\rquote ll be hunting. You not only have to get to the boundary but you have to do\par
it before I catch you.\rdblquote\par
The tingle and horrible promise of hope evaporated. Cruel. Vicious.\par
Evil.\par
I\rquote m to be hunted.\par
There wouldn\rquote t be freedom. There would only be blood. Just like he\par
said in the dining room.\par
Energy left my limbs. Who was I kidding? I hadn\rquote t eaten since I was\par
stolen. I\rquote d barely had a decent sleep. I existed like a junkie on adrenaline\par
and fear. It was no combination for a long distance run through thickets and\par
bush.\par
Jethro pulled away, dropping his hands. He smiled. \ldblquote Your head start\par
begins now, Ms. Weaver. I\rquote d leave if I were you.\rdblquote\par
Now?\par
I backpeddled, heart bursting with terror. \ldblquote How\emdash how long do I have?\rdblquote\par
Jethro carefully raised his cuff, looking sedately at the diamond and\par
black watch on his wrist. \ldblquote I\rquote m a seasoned hunter. I have no doubt I\rquote ll find\par
you. And when I do...what those men did to you will be nothing.\rdblquote  Cocking\par
his head, he said, \ldblquote I think forty-five minutes is rather sporting, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
My mind was no longer there. It was leaping and flying over leaves and\par
dodging ancient trunks.\par
Run. Go. Run.\par
\ldblquote Make it and you\rquote re no longer mine....\rdblquote\par
Freedom taunted me, making me believe I had a chance. A slim, barely\par
non-existent chance\emdash but still a chance. The muscles in my legs reacted,\par
already poised to take off. I had to trust my body. It knew how to flee.\par
I could make it. If I did, I would no longer be his pet to torture. But if I\par
didn\rquote t....\par
Don\rquote t ask. Don\rquote t ask.\par
\ldblquote And if I don\rquote t?\rdblquote\par
Jethro lowered his head, glaring at me beneath his brow. His eyes were\par
tight and dark, glinting with excitement at the upcoming hunt. \ldblquote Don\rquote t and\par
the debt I\rquote ll make you repay will make you wish you had made it to the\par
boundary.\rdblquote  He stepped from the sun\rquote s glare, his teeth sparkling like\par
diamonds. \ldblquote Now...run.\rdblquote\par
I ran.\f0\par
*\par
End of Book 1. Continue in Book 2 [First Debt]!\par
}
 