{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 MV Boli;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Jethro.\par
I\rquote D TAKEN HER, but ultimately, she\rquote d taken me.\par
I\rquote d tried to destroy her, but serendipitously, she\rquote d destroyed me.\par
This was the beginning of the end.\par
Not the end of my feelings for her but the way of my life, my world.\par
Something would have to change.\par
Something would have to give...\par
...\par
Someone would have to die.\par
Nila.\par
I EXISTED WITH a brain full of betrayal, schemes, and plotting.\par
Living with the Hawks was utterly exhausting. Every day was a\par
challenge to figure out the truths from the lies. But no matter how hard I\par
worked, I could never seem to unravel reality from fiction.\par
He\rquote d won.\par
And with a winner came a loser. One triumphant and one depressed. A\par
trophy over misery.\par
Two days had passed since Kestrel had granted the truth to one huge\par
mystery. Two days in which I hadn\rquote t been able to think of anything else.\par
I wanted to hate Jethro for duping me\f1\emdash for stringing me along like an\par
idiot.\par
But whenever my anger boiled over, needing desperately to confront\par
him, I remembered one thing.\par
One important, vital thing.\par
He\rquote d initiated contact before he was told.\par
He\rquote d communicated with me almost as if it were a cry for help, rather\par
than a plot to deceive.\par
If this were another trick, then so help him, I\rquote d find a way to castrate\par
him.\par
But, somehow, I didn\rquote t think it was.\par
I had a horrible feeling this was the one way that he would let me in. An\par
avenue of truths that he felt comfortable enough to continue, because a\par
silent written word didn\rquote t have as much weight as a loudly spoken one.\par
Which brought me back to my vitally important conclusion:\par
Jethro wants to be honest.\par
He wanted to stop playing charades and show me everything he kept\par
hidden.\par
He wanted to talk to someone. Perhaps, for the first time in his life, he\par
wasn\rquote t satisfied with the hand life dealt him and...\par
Stop fabricating excuses.\par
All day, I\rquote d been coming up with theories on why he was how he was\par
and reading too far into things that he\rquote d done.\par
It could be as simple as: he\rquote d been told to get in touch. Told to initiate\par
contact in a way that could potentially mould me into a more submissive\par
captive, especially if I were to believe he was on my side.\par
I wanted to believe he\rquote d acted against his father. But no matter how\par
much I wished it, it didn\rquote t mean it was true.\par
How do you explain the knowing then?\par
I slouched against my pillows in bed. That was true. A part of me just\par
seemed to know. Call it either sheer idiocy or feminine intuition. I believed\par
he\rquote d texted me because I was the first outsider permitted into his world\emdash\par
the only one not a Hawk.\par
My brain hurt.\par
When we were alone, when we weren\rquote t arguing or fighting, there was\par
an enchanting calmness. A connection.\par
Closing my eyes, I let my mind skip back to Kes\rquote s unwilling promise.\par
The way his eyes had darkened with secrets as I\rquote d collapsed into his arms\par
from the vertigo spell two days ago.\par
\ldblquote Nila?\rdblquote\par
A crushing headache appeared from nowhere. It was the most I could do\par
to stay present and not permit my mind to relive every text Jethro had sent\par
to see the hidden agendas now that I knew it was him.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m\emdash I\rquote m okay. You can let me go.\rdblquote  I struggled out of Kes\rquote s embrace,\par
my skin humming from his touch. I needed some space. I needed a world\par
full of space to get over the treachery and lies.\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t know? You hadn\rquote t guessed?\rdblquote  Kes crossed his arms, never\par
taking his golden eyes from mine.\par
I glowered. \ldblquote How could I know? I thought the messages were from\par
you!\rdblquote\par
He flinched. \ldblquote Yes, that was the plan. To make you believe it was me, so\par
he could continue on with whatever little mind games he was playing.\rdblquote\par
Leaning closer, he added, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t been privy to any of the messages he\par
sent you or you sent him\emdash so don\rquote t feel like I\rquote ve intruded on details that I\par
shouldn\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
Anger infused my blood. \ldblquote If you were both in on it\emdash why didn\rquote t he show\par
you the messages? Why were you so nice to me? What does all of this\par
mean?\rdblquote\par
Kes moved away, reclining against a sapling. \ldblquote I was nice because that\rquote s\par
just who I am. Yes, I come from a family with twisted up morals and I\rquote m\par
loyal to those twisted up morals, but I also did it out of loyalty to my\par
brother. If you\rquote re pissed, direct it all on him. Not me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, believe me. I\rquote m pissed. Beyond pissed.\rdblquote  My hands balled as my\par
mind filled with crazy ideas of retribution and revenge. I would make him\par
pay.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d cool down before you spring it on him. Best to keep it quiet. Cut\par
doesn\rquote t know. It was just me who knew Jet had been in touch with you\par
before he was given the go-ahead to collect you in Milan.\rdblquote\par
I froze. \ldblquote Why did he initiate conversation with me almost five weeks\par
before he could claim me?\rdblquote\par
Kes shook his head. \ldblquote The day I understand my brother is the day I\rquote ll\par
gamble my entire inheritance on the stock market. I can\rquote t work him out. The\par
only thing I can do is be there for him. And I only found out \lquote cause he\par
changed pretty much around the same time he started messaging you.\par
Something was different\emdash we\rquote re close. So, I saw it before the others.\rdblquote\par
My brain throbbed trying to figure out just what had changed in Jethro.\par
He\rquote d seemed the perfect Hawk when he\rquote d come to collect me. Cold as ice\par
and deadly as a sword.\par
Now that I knew his secret, I had power. And I had no intention of\par
giving that power back. Jethro had been playing me for far too long. He\rquote d\par
successfully screwed with my head. It was time for payback. \ldblquote Don\rquote t tell him\par
that I know.\rdblquote\par
Kes\rquote s eyes popped wide. \ldblquote Pardon?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You heard me. Don\rquote t tell Jethro about today. Let him continue to think\par
I\rquote m clueless.\rdblquote  My heart frothed with rage and unhappiness. I was so stupid\par
to believe I\rquote d gotten through to him on some level. The sex between us left\par
both of us stripped bare. Something more than family feuds and hatred\par
existed when he slid inside me and sent both of us shattering into dust.\par
I\rquote d let him inside me. In so many ways. It was my turn to do the same.\par
\ldblquote You know I can\rquote t do that, Nila. As welcome as you are in our\par
household, and as much as I like hanging out with you, I can\rquote t betray Jet.\par
Not after everything he\rquote s been through.\rdblquote\par
I pounced on the small thread of truth about my tormentor. \ldblquote What has\par
he been through, Kes? Tell me and I\rquote ll march back to the Hall right now\par
and tell him myself.\rdblquote\par
Kes shifted uncomfortably, refusing to meet my eyes. \ldblquote Slip of the\par
tongue. Forget it.\rdblquote\par
Crossing my arms, I hissed, \ldblquote Fine. Seeing as you\rquote re so capable of\par
keeping secrets, keep this one for me.\rdblquote\par
Kes scowled. \ldblquote Keeping my own flesh and blood\rquote s issues hidden isn\rquote t the\par
same thing as helping out a Weaver.\rdblquote\par
My heart raced. If Jethro hadn\rquote t taught me how to stand up for myself, I\par
would\rquote ve cowered at the thought of being so pushy with a full-grown man\par
all alone in a forest. Now, I was raging and fully intended to get my own\par
way. \ldblquote Give me two weeks. Two weeks before you tell him that I know. Do\par
that and I\rquote ll be forever grateful.\rdblquote\par
His shoulders slumped in defeat. \ldblquote How can you be forever grateful\par
when forever isn\rquote t something anyone has.\rdblquote\par
Especially me, seeing as my lifespan was destined to be significantly\par
shorter than his.\par
\ldblquote Just...please, Kestrel. One favour.\rdblquote\par
It took him a while to give in. His allegiance to his brother was strong.\par
Finally, he huffed. \ldblquote Fine. But it won\rquote t save you from his temper when he\par
finds out.\rdblquote\par
However, I had no intention of suffering Jethro\rquote s wrath. I had every\par
right to deceive him after he did it to me. My revelations were safe\emdash for\par
now. I trusted that Kes wouldn\rquote t say anything. I didn\rquote t know why, but on\par
some level I did trust Kes\emdash just enough to use him in my plans. And I was\par
fully committed to tripping Jethro up.\par
It was his turn to divulge things he might not have if he\rquote d known the\par
truth. Hiding behind the pretence that Kite was Kes had made him softer the\par
past few weeks. I would use that chink to make the crevice I\rquote d been trying\par
to form since I gave him a blowjob after hunting me down.\par
I couldn\rquote t think about anything else. I couldn\rquote t focus on sketching,\par
sewing, reading.\par
Nothing.\par
My brain was a whirly-gig of Jethro. Kite. Jethro. Kite.\par
And I\rquote d had enough.\par
Throwing myself out of bed after another sleepless night, I wrenched\par
back the curtains and glowered at the dismal weather.\par
The watery dawn did nothing to inspire either anger or contentment.\par
The sky was grey. Fog looked like haunting ghosts, threading its ghoulish\par
tentacles over the lower woodland of the estate. No birds chirped or sun\par
shone.\par
Summer had truly abandoned us. The bite in the air shouted \lquote go back to\par
bed where it\rquote s warm\rquote  but my brain had no such intention.\par
I hadn\rquote t relaxed for two days. I\rquote d stared at my phone, determined to text\par
Jethro and trip him into revealing everything he kept secret, only to stare\par
blankly at an empty message.\par
Now that I knew it was him, my willingness to show so much had gone.\par
Knowledge was power and he had too much of mine already. How could I\par
dig deeper into his mystery while maintaining all of mine?\par
The answer\emdash I couldn\rquote t. And that made me incredibly nervous. To find\par
out who he truly was, I had to show everything that made me real. And\par
despite the emotional growth spurt I\rquote d endured at the hands of the Hawks, I\par
wasn\rquote t ready to evolve again. I\rquote d lost so much of myself already\emdash how\par
much was I prepared to leave behind before I became a perfect stranger?\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote  I dug my fingers into my hair. I needed a reprieve from my racing\par
thoughts, and I knew exactly how to do it.\par
Mother Nature\rquote s sudden urge to switch seasons from summer to winter\par
couldn\rquote t stop my itch.\par
I needed fresh air, and I needed it now.\par
Racing around my room in the new Weaver quarters where Jethro had\par
made me beg and come apart with his cock deep inside me, I found my\par
black spandex shorts and highlighter pink sports bra. Pulling the clothing\par
on, followed by my trainers, I quickly smoothed my hair into a bun, and\par
shot from the room.\par
I hadn\rquote t worn my exercise gear since the morning of the Milan runway\par
show. I\rquote d sprinted until I\rquote d collapsed off the treadmill at the hotel, hoping I\par
could dispel my anxiety enough to hide my stupid nerves and prevent a\par
vertigo spell in front of the press.\par
It had worked\emdash mainly. Until Jethro arrived, of course.\par
The moment when I\rquote d set eyes upon him, I\rquote d been done for. He\rquote d been\par
so dashing with his suit, tie, and diamond pin. So perfectly refined with his\par
elegant haircut, chiselled physique, and sculptured lips. Even though his\par
soul was dark, his body had summoned me.\par
He\rquote d called to me, and like the stupid Weaver I was, I\rquote d followed him\par
blindly.\par
Now, it\rquote s his turn to follow my whims, my rules.\par
Jogging down the corridor, my racing mind and temper eased, already\par
reacting to the stress relief I\rquote d sought all my life.\par
I need him out.\par
It wasn\rquote t fair. I was supposed to seduce him and make him care for me\par
\emdash not the other way around. I wasn\rquote t supposed to fall for my own games.\par
Lust was as dangerous as love. Only it was worse because it had the\par
power to make even the worst ideas seem plausible\emdash and even\par
recommended\emdash when a sexual reward was given.\par
The moment Jethro gave in and kissed me, I\rquote d betrayed more than just\par
myself. I\rquote d betrayed my entire family line and all the Weaver women who\rquote d\par
died before me.\par
I had feelings for him.\par
A dangerous softness toward my would-be-killer.\par
It has to end.\par
I had to find a way to seduce him...to make him love me, all while I\par
kept my heart frigid and locked away in an ice fortress.\par
I laughed under my breath. You sound just like him.\par
Only, ice wasn\rquote t impervious. Ice melted and succumbed to fire.\par
I\rquote d proven that over the past month.\par
The house breathed around me with gentle heartbeats only ancient\par
dwellings could have. Spirits of past generations lived in its walls,\par
revenants danced in the drapery, and figments of long forgotten lovers\par
floated through the tapestries.\par
A grandfather clock tick-tocked as I jogged past, showing the time at six\par
thirty a.m.\par
After being privy to the business meetings with Kes and the Black\par
Diamonds, I knew the men never got up this early. They worked late,\par
dealing with shipments and the transportation of stones worth more than\par
any dress I could sew. Darkness was their asset, the sun their foe.\par
At least I could run and be back before anyone tried to stop me.\par
I didn\rquote t want them to draw the wrong conclusion that I was trying to\par
escape again. I blinked as I ran head first into a horrendous conclusion.\par
Even if you found the boundary this morning, you wouldn\rquote t leave.\par
My heart thumped harder at the tangled web I lived.\par
Freedom was something I wanted more than anything. But even if I\par
escaped the Hawks, I would only run back into the trap of pity and vertigo.\par
I wanted more than that. I deserved more than that.\par
If I found the estate edge, I wouldn\rquote t disappear. I couldn\rquote t.\par
My captivity wasn\rquote t just about me anymore. It was about the future. It\par
was about Jethro.\par
Admit it...\par
It was about living.\par
The passion, the intensity, the blazing ferocity of existing with enemies\par
and plotting beneath their noses was a much worthier cause than sitting at\par
home sewing for the masses.\par
This was about me. Me standing up for myself, and for a future I\par
wanted, not a future already planned for me.\par
This was about so many twisted things.\par
I yanked open the French doors at the end of the corridor and stumbled\par
into the foggy dawn. Fresh air welcomed me and I found a reprieve from\par
my scrambled thoughts.\par
I can\rquote t forget my ultimate plan.\par
No matter how Jethro endeared himself to me\emdash giving me glimpses of\par
someone barely coping inside his wintry armor\emdash I wasn\rquote t going to forget\par
my goal.\par
Freedom.\par
Not just for myself, but for the rest of my legacy. My children and their\par
children and their children\rquote s children would never have to go through this. I\par
intended to be the last Weaver stolen.\par
It\rquote s time for a new debt\emdash one that owes us life, not death.\par
Sucking in lungfuls of crisp air, I steeled myself in what I had to do. In\par
order to win, I had to guard my soul. I had to play along with Jethro\rquote s mind\par
games and hope to God I won first.\par
A cool breeze whistled through the trees, sounding like haunted\par
laments. I shivered, wishing I\rquote d brought a jacket.\par
You\rquote ll be sweating in ten minutes. Ignore it.\par
Gritting my teeth against the cold, I bent over and stretched my quads.\par
The tug and slow release of muscles was heaven after the stress of the past\par
few days.\par
My body hummed with the knowledge it was about to run.\par
And run.\par
And run.\par
For fun this time, not for survival.\par
Bouncing on the spot, I rolled my shoulders, eyeing up the sweeping\par
lawn before me. If I went right, I\rquote d loop around the stables. If I went left,\par
I\rquote d cut through the sprawling rose garden and orchards.\par
Go straight.\par
Down the meandering path that disappeared over the horizon.\par
I switched from bouncing to jogging.\par
\ldblquote And just where do you think you\rquote re going?\rdblquote  a cool voice whispered\par
through the silver fog.\par
I wrenched to a stop, peering behind me.\par
No one.\par
\ldblquote I thought you\rquote d realised running wasn\rquote t a viable option, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
His icy voice sent a strange mixture of hot and cold desire down my\par
spine. Jethro morphed into being, seeming to solidify from the mist like a\par
terrible poltergeist. He leaned against one of the pillars holding up the\par
portico, crossing his arms.\par
My heart collapsed, unable to untangle the maze of hypocrisy between\par
us. My skin begged for his touch. My lips tingled for his. Every inch of me\par
craved what he could deliver.\par
Heat. Passion. An eruption that I felt in every cell.\par
But none of that was real.\par
And I refused to believe in trickery any longer.\par
Mirroring his body language, I crossed my arms. \ldblquote I realise escaping\par
isn\rquote t a viable option. But I\rquote m not escaping. I\rquote m running. Running is my only\par
option to escape the mess you\rquote ve made.\rdblquote\par
His jaw clenched. \ldblquote The mess I\rquote ve made?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  I took a step backward as he advanced. \ldblquote You\rquote re messing me up,\par
and I\rquote m done playing whatever it is that you\rquote re doing.\rdblquote  I sucked in courage\par
and embraced honesty. It seemed to work around him, and I needed him to\par
see how serious I was. How hurt I was with his deception.\par
He\rquote s Kite.\par
Bastard.\par
Baring my teeth, I said, \ldblquote It seems I have a weakness for you, but I\par
changed my mind. I don\rquote t\emdash\rdblquote\par
A low growl escaped him. \ldblquote A weakness? You call what happened\par
between us a fucking weakness?\rdblquote\par
My breathing ratcheted as if I\rquote d already run two miles. \ldblquote The worst kind\par
of weakness.\rdblquote\par
He smiled, but no mirth entered his gaze. If anything, his golden eyes\par
were luminous with anger. \ldblquote You\rquote re the one who started it...Nila.\rdblquote\par
I gasped at the delicious decadence of my name on his lips. The sound\par
echoed in his mouth, shooting straight to my core.\par
Shit.\par
Jethro advanced again, his body trembling with barely veiled lust.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re the one who created this problem.\rdblquote  His hand came up, fingers\par
slinking through my tied-up hair, tightening around the back of my skull. \ldblquote I\par
can\rquote t hear the name Weaver without getting fucking hard. I can\rquote t even think\par
of you without boiling with need.\rdblquote\par
His nose brushed against mine, his lips so damn close to stealing all my\par
scrambled plans and sending me headfirst into a life of debauchery.\par
\ldblquote You should never have said those two words, Ms. Weaver. I told you.\par
We\rquote re both fucked now.\rdblquote\par
My mind was blank, every synapse focusing on his fingers in my hair\par
and his mouth only millimetres from mine. \ldblquote What two words?\rdblquote\par
He chuckled. The sound was self-deprecating and almost morbid with\par
dark intensity. \ldblquote Kiss me.\rdblquote\par
I shivered in his hold. \ldblquote You\rquote re reminding me of what started this mess,\par
or you\rquote re asking me to kiss you?\rdblquote\par
Ask me. And I will. God, how I will.\par
I\rquote d kiss him until I\rquote d stripped him of his arctic armor and destroyed it,\par
I\rquote d lick him until I tasted his truth, and I\rquote d bite him until I\rquote d eaten every\par
morsel of his soul.\par
I\rquote d do all that so he had nowhere left to hide.\par
We stood wrapped in foggy silence. The drawn out anticipation of a kiss\par
turned my legs to jelly. If he pressed his mouth to mine, I wouldn\rquote t be going\par
for my run. I would climb his body and sink onto his cock.\par
Fakery be damned.\par
Kite\rquote s messages and deceit be damned.\par
I just wanted a raw connection\emdash with this man, who made my soul\par
whimper for wrongness.\par
Jethro\rquote s tongue slipped between his lips, hypnotising me. Then...he let\par
me go. \ldblquote No, I\rquote m not asking you to kiss me. I won\rquote t ever ask anything from\par
you.\rdblquote\par
I flinched as if he\rquote d slapped me. \ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because I own you. Everything I want will be given, not requested.\rdblquote\par
Double shit.\par
I should hate him. I should smite him. So, why did his every word\par
seduce me, even while I knew his morals were chauvinistic and heartless?\par
Forcing my body to obey, I shoved the weakness I had for him as far\par
away as possible. My eyes trailed down his front. He wore tan jodhpurs,\par
black riding boots, and a tweed jacket. The bulge between his legs looked\par
heavy and far too dangerous to be legal.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve been riding.\rdblquote\par
A gentle gust of early morning air blew his scent directly into my nose.\par
I inhaled, soaking my lungs in hay, horse, and all things Jethro.\par
He nodded, crossing his arms once again. \ldblquote You run. I ride. Seems we\par
have something else in common.\rdblquote\par
Something other than being forced into this debt and finding each other\par
irresistible, you mean?\par
\ldblquote Oh, what\rquote s that?\rdblquote\par
Jethro stepped closer, seeming to bring shadows into the smoky light of\par
dawn. \ldblquote We both need time alone to hide from the things that chase us.\rdblquote  He\par
stiffened, his eyes churning with things he refused to voice. A five o\rquote  clock\par
shadow decorated his strong jaw, his lips parted while his gaze was pure\par
brimstone.\par
Swiftly, he cupped my cheek.\par
Oh, God.\par
Electricity instantly sparked beneath his fingertips.\par
Would I always suffer the rhapsody of his touch?\par
My skin smouldered; pinpricks of light, of fire, of hell, all burnished\par
beneath his hold. I swayed, pressing my face harder into his palm.\par
He sucked in a breath, his fingers digging harder against my cheekbone.\par
The chemistry and need to devour each other thickened with every\par
heartbeat.\par
One beat.\par
Two beat.\par
Three.\par
We stood there, frozen on the stoop of Hawksridge Hall just waiting for\par
the other to move. The moment we did, our clothes would disintegrate and I\par
would willingly let him drag me into a bush and fuck me.\par
Lust and tension swirled.\par
I had so many questions and doubts; so many reasons to hate and fear\par
him. But when he touched me...poof.\par
I no longer remembered, nor cared.\par
We swayed closer, drawn against our will to close the aching distance.\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
Kiss me. Please, kiss me.\par
The moment stretched until it hummed with overwhelming possibilities.\par
Then, it snapped.\par
Loudly.\par
Painfully.\par
Shattering around our feet.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re too fucking dangerous,\rdblquote  Jethro muttered, removing his touch\par
and stepping away. Dragging his hand through his hair, he commanded,\par
\ldblquote Wait here. Don\rquote t go anywhere.\rdblquote  His hands went to his jacket buttons,\par
undoing them with nimble fingers.\par
I blinked, struggling to shed myself of heavy need and focus on the true\par
reason why I stood barely dressed in the freezing morning. \ldblquote I\rquote m not\par
escaping. I\rquote ll be back in forty minutes or so.\rdblquote\par
He shook his head, slipping out of his tweed and revealing a black longsleeved jumper.\par
My mouth went dry. Even in clothing, I could make out every ridge of\par
muscle in his stomach, every ripple of energy as he breathed in and out. He\par
was designed straight from my fantasies, and I hated him for being so\par
splendid.\par
My core clenched, sending flutters of wetness between my legs.\par
I hadn\rquote t seen him in two days, yet I\rquote d panted after him as if he\rquote d been\par
missing my entire life.\par
If he suspected I knew that he was Kite, he hadn\rquote t let on. After Kes had\par
told me the truth, I\rquote d waited for Jethro to barge into my room and swear me\par
to secrecy.\par
But he hadn\rquote t.\par
He didn\rquote t look at me any differently; he gave no outward sign that his\par
lies had begun to unravel. As much as he confounded and frustrated me, I\par
couldn\rquote t help admiring his perfection at hiding.\par
I wanted to be like him. I wanted to protect my secrets so damn well\par
that whatever I did next would come as a surprise.\par
I wanted to rule him.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m coming with you. Don\rquote t leave.\rdblquote  He disappeared into the house,\par
leaving me abandoned and covered in chills from both the morning air and\par
his departure.\par
Jogging on the spot, I deliberated ignoring him and leaving.\par
Just go.\par
What was the worst that could happen? He\rquote d have to chase me again.\par
My tummy coiled at the thought. I liked that idea way too much. I liked the\par
thought of what would happen after he found me.\par
The power I\rquote d felt giving him that blowjob. The awe and attraction\par
that\rquote d glowed in his eyes.\par
I want that again.\par
Screw waiting like a good little captive.\par
Make him hunt.\par
And then I would make him explode.\par
I bolted.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
OF COURSE, SHE ran.\par
I fully expected her to.\par
Unlike last time when I expected her to cower by my feet, I\rquote d had the\par
last month to get to know my charge. Through getting into her mind via text\par
messages, and getting into her body by sheer insane passion, I\rquote d come to\par
understand her\f1\emdash more than she knew.\par
And unfortunately for her, she\rquote d lost the ability to surprise me.\par
She\rquote d lost the ability because I\rquote d been inside her body and mind. I\rquote d\par
traded my soul for hers\emdash no matter how much she would deny it. No matter\par
how much I would deny it. We were linked.\par
Connected.\par
Bound.\par
Somehow, she\rquote d crept inside my barricaded heart. She\rquote d weakened me\par
\emdash but that weakness worked both ways.\par
I felt her. I heard her fears, tasted her tears, and somehow knew how she\par
would react.\par
I hadn\rquote t permitted anyone to have that control over me since Jasmine.\par
Even Kes and I didn\rquote t share such a strong connection.\par
That strange bond had a name.\par
I called it my disease.\par
And it only got worse the more I was around Nila.\par
I craved her so intensely; I would break both of us before any more\par
debts were paid.\par
I didn\rquote t think she believed me when I said we were well and truly\par
fucked. And not just because of my father and what he would do. But\par
because of what I was.\par
Because of my...condition.\par
The moment I left her on the porch, I knew she\rquote d go. The knowledge\par
echoed in my bones, making it fact rather than speculation.\par
In the time it took to jog back to my room and trade my riding attire for\par
all-black workout gear, she\rquote d gone.\par
Balling my hands in the cool morning air, I smiled. A genuine smile.\par
It\rquote d been forever since I\rquote d let myself relax enough to be genuine about any\par
emotion.\par
Just like empathy and compassion were banned from my repertoire, so\par
too, was feeling something so purely that it became a spark in my dead\par
heart. I didn\rquote t want to be genuine about anything because it could be used\par
against me.\par
It was best to hate everything and everyone. To hide my true desires\par
even from myself.\par
The anticipation of another hunt sent my blood flowing thick and hot.\par
Her tiny footprints led a trail, like enticing crumbs. The dew-damp grass\par
flattened from her path.\par
I\rquote m coming, Nila.\par
Just like before, I took off after my prey. But the difference between this\par
chase and the previous one was I knew she wanted me to hunt her. I knew\par
she wanted to be found. And I knew she fed off this cat and mouse idiocy as\par
much as I did. \par
My legs spread into a large stride as I left the Hall behind.\par
I preferred to perch on the back of Wings when galloping fast and far. I\par
wasn\rquote t a jogger. It wasn\rquote t quick enough for me. I missed the power of a\par
large beast between my legs, responding to the commands to race and\par
outrun everything that I was.\par
Every footfall caused me to wince from what I\rquote d done to myself in my\par
last \lquote fixing\rquote  session. The pain radiated up my legs. I supposed I should be\par
grateful for the agony\emdash it helped me in so many ways. And I needed all the\par
help I could get with Nila wreaking havoc on my world.\par
You know it\rquote s no longer working, so why still do it?\par
That was true.\par
Pain no longer held the comfort or fortress it used to. Jasmine was right.\par
It was time to start looking at other methods, or, if I was brave enough, let\par
everything that I\rquote d been hiding emerge.\par
I snorted at the reaction that would get me. Not to mention the\par
complications with my father.\par
No, I wasn\rquote t ready. Not yet. Besides, I had more important things on my\par
mind.\par
Such as hunting.\par
Leaping over the rock wall and tearing down the path, I put my head\par
down and ran after my little Weaver.\par
\par
A pitiful six minutes later, I gained on her.\par
Her stride and pace were impressive, and I had to appreciate her wily\par
ways of trying to throw me off her trail by cutting across the driveway and\par
disappearing into the woods on the other side.\par
But I was an experienced hunter.\par
Her clues littered behind her, leading me directly to my prey.\par
Her hair bounced, tendrils coming loose from her hair-tie. Her\par
sculptured legs led to the firmest arse I\rquote d ever seen.\par
My mouth watered.\par
I wanted to bite it. Bite her. Lick her. Fuck her.\par
\ldblquote This seems all too familiar,\rdblquote  I muttered, pulling up beside her with a\par
burst of speed.\par
She jumped, clutching her heart. \ldblquote Shit, I didn\rquote t hear you creeping\par
behind me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Creeping? I did nothing of the sort.\rdblquote\par
She rolled her eyes, settling back into the punishing pace she\rquote d set. I\par
matched my stride to hers. Companionable silence fell as my attention\par
turned inward again, focusing on the agony in my feet.\par
I really shouldn\rquote t have chosen that part of my body\emdash especially if\par
running with her became a frequent occurrence. I\rquote d have to find a new\par
place in which to fix myself. The soles of my feet had been used for years\par
\emdash when I needed the extra buffer. No one could see the marks, no one\par
would know, and the pain was constant whenever I moved.\par
A perfect place for secrets.\par
\ldblquote Do you run?\rdblquote  Nila asked. Her breathing was heavy but even, her\par
fitness level higher than mine.\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote No. I prefer exercise where a horse does the hard\par
work, or perhaps a punching bag that takes my fists.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You do that often?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What, ride?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, assault an innocent punching bag.\rdblquote  Her dark eyes landed on mine,\par
diving deep into my complexities before I slammed up my walls and\par
prevented her from seeing any more.\par
\ldblquote No more than usual,\rdblquote  I said, pulling ahead of her.\par
With a small grunt, she matched me, not letting me disappear. \ldblquote I know\par
you have issues, Jethro. But I\rquote ll keep my speculations to myself...for now.\rdblquote\par
Running for a while, she finally asked, \ldblquote What time did you wake up\par
today?\rdblquote\par
I frowned, gritting my teeth against the pounding pain in my feet.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s dawn, yet you\rquote ve already been for a ride. Are you an early riser?\rdblquote\par
I snorted. You could say that. \ldblquote I\rquote m not good at sleeping. Wings is used\par
to me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wings?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My gelding.\rdblquote  I threw her a glance. \ldblquote The horse I was riding when I\par
tracked you. Remember?\rdblquote\par
Nila\rquote s face shadowed. No doubt thinking of the hunt and the\par
consequential amazing blowjob.\par
Sexual tension sprang harder between us, itching my skin, making my\par
cock swell.\par
My voice turned gruff as I added, \ldblquote Ever since he was broken in, Wings\par
has been used to me sneaking into the stables and going for a ride in the\par
dead of night. He got a small sleep in today. I didn\rquote t saddle him up until\par
four a.m.\rdblquote\par
Nila nodded, soaking up my confession as if I\rquote d announced the\par
epicentre of why I was fucked up.\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t have any shipments to take care of?\rdblquote\par
I narrowed my eyes. \ldblquote How do you\emdash\rdblquote  I cut myself off. Kestrel. Of\par
course. The weeks they\rquote d spent together meant she would probably have a\par
good idea of the sort of wealth we smuggled and the amount of shipments\par
completed since she\rquote d arrived at Hawksridge.\par
\ldblquote Why can\rquote t you sleep?\rdblquote  she asked. We ran side-by-side, leaving the\par
gloom of the forest and trading mud for the gravel of a pathway.\par
I looked up. My heart clamoured.\par
Shit, we\rquote re on the wrong track.\par
I didn\rquote t want her to see what was up ahead. Not yet. I was sure my\par
father had some sick agenda to show her when she fell out of his good\par
graces, but I didn\rquote t want to break her again. Not so soon.\par
I\rquote d avoided the place most of my life. It held only terror. So why the\par
fuck were we running toward it? It was almost as if she\rquote d been summoned\par
by forces outside my comprehension.\par
A chill darted down my back at the thought. I slowed my pace.\par
Nila looked back, decreasing her steps to match mine. \ldblquote Are you going\par
to answer me?\rdblquote\par
What, why can\rquote t I sleep?\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
I had no intention of answering. There was no easy response, and she\par
knew far too much about me already. Trying to distract her, I said, \ldblquote Why do\par
you have to run?\rdblquote\par
She ran a hand over her forehead, wiping away glistening sweat. \ldblquote To recentre myself. At home, it was the only time I had to calm my mind. The\par
deadlines, the demands\emdash it all stole something that I only found again when\par
I was alone with just my frantic heartbeat to keep me company.\rdblquote\par
Shit.\par
Her answer was fucking perfect.\par
I swallowed hard as a glow of more than just lust washed over me.\par
She understood. She dealt with the same pressures, the same\par
expectations. Only her flaws were visible to everyone, while I hid mine as\par
best I could.\par
Admit it. The moment you saw her on the catwalk in Milan, you knew.\par
I fisted my hands, trying to stop the conclusion from forming.\par
But it was no use. My mind delivered the crushing knowledge with\par
fanfare and barely hidden relief.\par
She\rquote s the same as you. You could tell her.\par
No fucking way would I ever tell her.\par
I didn\rquote t want to feel anything for her, but I did care. Enough to stop her\par
from seeing what existed ahead. I might not want her in my brain, but I\par
didn\rquote t want her in pieces, either.\par
I slammed to a halt. \ldblquote Nila. Stop.\rdblquote\par
Locking her knees, she bounced in place and turned to face me. Her\par
chest rose quickly, panting for breath. \ldblquote What? Why?\rdblquote\par
My eyes involuntarily went to the break in the trees up ahead. Damn\par
sunshine broke through the fog at the exact same moment, spotlighting the\par
one place I didn\rquote t want her to see.\par
Nila followed my gaze. Her shoulders hunched, feeding off my nerves.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up there, Jethro?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nothing.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If it\rquote s nothing, then why are you determined not to let me see?\rdblquote\par
My temper fed off her nervousness, creating a sick sensation in my gut.\par
\ldblquote Because it\rquote s time to get back. You\rquote ve wasted enough of the day doing\par
something as pointless as running.\rdblquote  I snapped my fingers. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go. Now.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes filled with rebellion. She looked back to the hill, chewing her\par
lip.\par
I moved forward, ready to pounce and drag her back to the Hall. \ldblquote Ms.\par
Weaver\emdash\rdblquote  I inched closer.\par
Hesitation flittered over her face.\par
I tried to grab her. But I was too late.\par
Darting away from me, she said, \ldblquote I want to see what you\rquote re hiding,\rdblquote\par
then bolted down the path.\par
\ldblquote Fuck!\rdblquote\par
Her hair flew free from her hair-tie as she sprinted faster up the gravel\par
and onto the moor that I wished didn\rquote t exist.\par
Shit, she\rquote s fast.\par
I tore after her, wishing I had Bolly and the foxhounds to swoop in and\par
cut her off before she reached the crest.\par
My feet burned and my socks became slippery as old wounds opened.\par
My lungs were pathetic in delivering enough oxygen as I sprinted the final\par
distance and skidded to a halt.\par
She\rquote d turned from super-sonic to a statue, staring dumbfounded at what\par
existed before her.\par
Goddammit, why did she have to be so determined to uncover what I\par
wanted to keep hidden? The truth never helped\emdash it only made things worse.\par
Her hands flew into her black hair, fisting tightly. \ldblquote Oh, my God...\rdblquote\par
I sucked air, hating the sensation of trespassing on such a sacred site. I\par
wasn\rquote t welcome here. None of my family was welcome, and if I were\par
superstitious, I would admit there was a stagnant force that howled with\par
hatred and pain.\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  she whispered. Her strong legs that\rquote d sent her flying into hell\par
suddenly collapsed from beneath her.\par
Her fingers dove into the dirt, clutching at grass and mud. \ldblquote This can\rquote t be\par
real. It can\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
She bowed with disbelief, kneeling on the grave of her mother.\par
Her anguish joined the storm of revulsion that never seemed to leave\par
this place. Goosebumps darted down my arms as a gale whipped her hair\par
into a frenzied mess.\par
\ldblquote Ms. Weaver\emdash\rdblquote  I moved forward, fully intending to pluck her from the\par
earth and hurl her over my shoulder. I couldn\rquote t be here another fucking\par
second.\par
Goddammit, this isn\rquote t supposed to happen.\par
Her eyes met mine, but they didn\rquote t swim with tears\emdash black hate\par
glittered instead. \ldblquote Is this true? All along, my father said she\rquote d run off. All\par
along, he told us stories of her leaving us for a better life. My brother\par
understood that meant she was dead, but not once did Tex take us to her\par
grave. After what your father said...about what he\rquote d done, I still held onto\par
those childish stories that she was alive. But this...\rdblquote  Her voice sliced\par
through me. \ldblquote Is. This. True? All this time my mother has been buried, cold\par
and lonely, in the ground of the men who murdered her?!\rdblquote\par
I swallowed, rapidly diving into the safety net of my snow. I couldn\rquote t\par
stand there and hear her horror. I couldn\rquote t let her grief infect me. I refused\par
to fucking listen.\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t do it.\rdblquote\par
As if that makes it any easier to bear.\par
Nila shook her head, staring at me as if I were some grotesque\par
abomination. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t do it? Do you think I care if it wasn\rquote t your hands\par
who severed her life? It was your family, Jethro. Your bloodline. You\rquote re a\par
monster\emdash just like them!\rdblquote\par
The cuts on my feet no longer protected me. I was so fucking close to\par
losing control.\par
I itched with the need to shut down. To hide from everything\par
snowballing inside. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not going anywhere with you!\rdblquote  Nila spun to face the burial place\par
of her mother.\par
My eyes rose to read the inscription on the simple marble headstone\par
looming over her trembling form.\par
In here lies payment for debts now paid.\par
Rest fitfully Emma Weaver wherein hell you may face another toll.\par
Nila looked over her shoulder; her eyes widened until they were as\par
black and as soul-sucking as an eclipse. \ldblquote Jethro\emdash\rdblquote\par
The pain and hatred in her voice sliced me better than any cut on my\par
foot. I took a step backward, placing distance between us. \ldblquote I can\rquote t give you\par
what you want.\rdblquote\par
She shook her head. \ldblquote You can\rquote t or you won\rquote t?\rdblquote\par
I knew she wanted answers. An explanation. Facts on why her family\par
was buried on Hawk land and how we circumnavigated the law to do things\par
no one else could.\par
But what could I say? I was bound. Muzzled. Shackled, not just by\par
Hawk blood, but the very condition that made me a reject in my own\par
family.\par
The truth hurt. Fuck, everything hurt.\par
Her panic. Her grief. The throbbing pain in my feet.\par
I had to get away.\par
This was why I\rquote d remained cold. Why I did what I did.\par
This was why I never let anyone get close to me and embraced my\par
duties as a son over the cravings of my heart.\par
My disease meant I couldn\rquote t let things like this happen.\par
I couldn\rquote t handle it.\par
\ldblquote I told you I didn\rquote t want you to see this place but you fucking defied\par
me!\rdblquote  Hot anger gave me somewhere to hide. \ldblquote I refuse to indulge your\par
feelings of self-pity.\rdblquote  Rage coated my veins, granting sanctuary.\par
I backed away, distancing myself from the raw fury glowing on her\par
face. \ldblquote Come here. We\rquote re leaving.\rdblquote  I snapped my fingers again. \ldblquote Now!\rdblquote\par
Nila stood. Her eyes darted to the semicircle of death surrounding us.\par
An unlucky horseshoe of tombs.\par
Her chest rose as a silent sob escaped her. Waving her hand at the other\par
graves, she shook her head. In one motion, she asked a lifetime of\par
questions.\par
How could you?\par
How did you get away with it?\par
Why has no one stopped you?\par
I had no answers.\par
My eyes fell on the graves.\par
Six in total.\par
All with a diamond chiselled into the remembrance of their tombstone\par
and the ultimate mockery of all: a hawk perched on the top, its talons\par
dripping blood down the face of the eulogy.\par
\ldblquote This\emdash it can\rquote t be real. No one could be this diabolical.\rdblquote\par
You\rquote re wrong. The Hawks can.\par
I pinched the bridge of my nose. \ldblquote Quiet.\rdblquote  Looking back up, I\par
demanded, \ldblquote Say goodbye. We\rquote re leaving, and I doubt you\rquote ll be allowed\par
back up here.\rdblquote\par
Her mouth twisted with black amazement. \ldblquote You...I don\rquote t have any\par
words for what I think about you. How sick you make me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good. I don\rquote t want words. I want to leave.\rdblquote  Storming forward, I\par
grabbed her elbow, yanking her away from the cemetery.\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  she screamed, scratching my hand and backpedalling. A huge\par
wave of anguish buffeted me. Everything she felt poured from her like a\par
tsunami. I stood, unable to move as it drowned me.\par
Apart from knocking her unconscious and carrying her back to the Hall,\par
I had no way of making her leave. I couldn\rquote t handle carrying her kicking\par
and screaming.\par
I\rquote d break.\par
She rattled with the pieces of her broken heart, and just once, I wanted\par
to give in to the benevolence that others enjoyed.\par
But I couldn\rquote t.\par
I couldn\rquote t stand there while she grieved.\par
It just wasn\rquote t possible.\par
Not for a man like me.\par
Sighing, I said, \ldblquote Fine. Stay. Pay your respects and worship the dead, but\par
you\rquote ll do it alone.\rdblquote\par
You\rquote ll do it alone, so I don\rquote t lose the rest of my soul.\par
This wasn\rquote t a good place for a Hawk, but in a way, it was home to a\par
Weaver. She might find whatever she was missing by conversing with her\par
past.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll\emdash I\rquote ll leave you alone.\rdblquote\par
Nila balled her hands, looking as if she wanted to strike me. \ldblquote Disappear,\par
Mr. Hawk. Run like you always do. Good fucking riddance. Leave. Get the\par
hell away from me and don\rquote t come back!\rdblquote\par
I paused for a fraction. I should do something about her outburst\emdash teach\par
her that I wouldn\rquote t permit her to raise her voice, but I was done here.\par
Taking another step away, I said, \ldblquote I\rquote ll see you back at the Hall.\rdblquote\par
She didn\rquote t reply.\par
With a black-laced heart and thundering headache, I backed away, faster\par
and faster. Her arms wrapped around her body and her hair danced in the\par
turbulent breeze. She looked like a witch placing a curse upon my house.\par
Then she collapsed at the base of her mother\rquote s tombstone, bowing in the\par
dirt. I left her with only ghosts for company, kneeling on the grave of her\par
ancestors.\par
Shuddering once, I turned and didn\rquote t look back.\f0\par
Nila.\par
I GOT MY wish.\par
My wish to become as cold and as merciless as Jethro came true as I\par
huddled on my mother\rquote s grave. My sweaty skin turned to ice with renewed\par
hatred for the Hawks. I struggled with rage so damn strong I was sure the\par
earth would crack beneath me and swallow me whole.\par
How could he?\par
How could they?\par
How could devils live so blatantly amongst us?\par
My teeth ached from clenching; my eyes bruised with unshed tears.\par
I breathed revenge. I ate vengeance. All I saw was hate.\par
I felt invincible with rage, as if I controlled the tectonic plates and had\par
the power to summon a catastrophic earthquake to devour this diseaseriddled place forever.\par
How could any goodness live inside me when all I wanted was four\par
graves\f1\emdash one for each of the Hawk men? How could I believe in right and\par
wrong when all I wanted was their blackened hearts bleeding at my feet?\par
Morning turned to noon.\par
Afternoon turned to dusk.\par
Twilight turned to midnight.\par
I stayed vigil, moving slowly between the six graves. My bloodless lips\par
whispered as I read aloud their horrific epitaphs.\par
Farewell to Mary Weaver\par
Long ye may rest in solitude and reap the havoc in which you sowed\par
My heart broke at the thought of my grandmother and great-greatgrandmother enduring such a life.\par
Herein rests the soul of Bess Weaver\par
Her only redemption was paying her debts\par
The oldest looking tombstone had the simplest carving but the one with\par
the worst desecration of a dead soul.\par
The corpse of the Wicked Weaver who started it all\par
Wife to a traitor, mother to a whore\par
I couldn\rquote t forgive. I couldn\rquote t forget. I couldn\rquote t even comprehend how I\par
could ever set eyes upon the Hawks again without wanting to slaughter\par
them with my bare hands. My rage fed me better than any material\par
sustenance.\par
I wished I had magic; a potion to strike them all dead.\par
Every murmur that escaped me, every incantation and promise, worked\par
like a spell.\par
My whispers wrapped around me like a cocoon\emdash turning my\par
tenderhearted naivety into a chrysalis where I rapidly evolved into a\par
monster as bad as them.\par
I threw myself into darkness. I traded any goodness I had left for the\par
power to destroy them. And with each chant, I chained myself deeper to my\par
fate\emdash cementing me forever to my task.\par
I didn\rquote t want food or water or shelter.\par
I didn\rquote t need love or understanding or connection.\par
I wanted retribution.\par
I wanted justice.\par
No one came to get me. If they cared I was missing, no Hawk came to\par
corral me back to my prison.\par
In a way, I wished they would come. Because then my removal from my\par
dead family would\rquote ve been a justified struggle. I would\rquote ve screamed and\par
cursed and fought so hard, I would\rquote ve drawn their blood.\par
But they never came.\par
So, I had to swallow my bitter resentment and plod back to purgatory on\par
my own accord. I couldn\rquote t fight. I couldn\rquote t scream.\par
I had to deliver myself willingly back into the devil\rquote s clutches.\par
By the time I entered my quarters, I shook so hard I was sure my teeth\par
were chipped from chattering so badly\emdash from cold and from horror.\par
I didn\rquote t recognise the woman inside me. Something had switched\par
permanently and any facet of the little girl\emdash the twin who\rquote d always\par
believed in fantasies\emdash had died upon that patch of earth.\par
I\rquote d been destroyed, yet my eyes remained dry. Not one tear had been\par
shed. Not one sob had come forth.\par
I\rquote d become barren. No longer able to display emotion or find relief from\par
the pounding terror of seeing proof of my ancestor\rquote s demise.\par
The diamond collar around my neck disgusted me and the weight\par
seemed to grow heavier with every breath, sucking me deeper into hell.\par
Struggling to remove my sweat-dried exercise gear, I barely managed to\par
crawl into the shower. Gradually, I turned my blood from snow to spring\emdash\par
thawing out the phantoms that now lurked within.\par
I stayed beneath the hot spray for ages, curled upon the floor with my\par
arms wrapped around my knees. Mud and soil from the graves siphoned\par
down the drain, swirling around like dead souls.\par
So much had happened, so much that would\rquote ve broken the old Nila.\par
But this was just another hurdle\emdash another obstacle to clear in my quest\par
for victory. My essence had been infused with the lingering spirits of my\par
ancestors. They lived within me now, wanting the same thing I did.\par
The clock hanging above the fish tank in my sewing room announced\par
the witching hour as I climbed exhausted into bed.\par
Three a.m.\par
The time when ghouls and demons were thought to roam the\par
passageways of homes and terrorize helpless sleepers.\par
I\rquote d always been superstitious about keeping my wardrobe doors shut\par
against night monsters. Vaughn used to laugh at me, saying beasts and night\par
creatures didn\rquote t exist.\par
But now I knew the truth.\par
They did exist, but they didn\rquote t come out when the witching hour opened\par
a portal from their world into ours.\par
They weren\rquote t called werewolves or vampires.\par
They were called Hawks.\par
And I lived with them.\par
\par
The next morning, I woke to a text.\par
A single message from the crux of my annihilation.\par
Kite : I feel what you feel. Whether it be a kiss or a kick or a killing\par
blow. I wished I didn\rquote t, but you\rquote re mine, therefore, you are my affliction. So,\par
I will feel what you feel, and I will live what you live. You won\rquote t understand\par
what I mean. Not yet. But it\rquote s my best sacrifice. The only thing I can offer\par
you.\par
I waited for my heart to spike.\par
I held my breath for a sparkle of desire.\par
Jethro had just shown me the truth. In his cryptic, almost poetic\par
message, he\rquote d torn aside the mysterious curtain of who Kite was\emdash fully\par
admitting something that only he would know. There was no way a message\par
like that could come from Kes. I doubted the middle Hawk was deep\par
enough to pen such a complex riddle.\par
If such a message had come yesterday, I would\rquote ve tripped from lust into\par
love. I wouldn\rquote t have been able to stop my heart from unfurling completely\par
and letting my enemy nest deep inside.\par
But not now.\par
Not now that I\rquote d seen the heinous truth.\par
With steady hands and an even steadier heart, I sent a single message to\par
my brother.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m living a nightmare, V. I...I can\rquote t do this anymore. I\par
miss you.\par
Once it had sent, I deleted Kite\rquote s message and turned off my phone.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
A NEW MORNING, yet I felt older than I\rquote d ever been.\par
Every part of me ached.\par
I\rquote d left Nila at the cemetery\f1\emdash I\rquote d had no choice.\par
But when she didn\rquote t return after dusk, I went back for her.\par
She\rquote d sat beneath the crescent moon, arms wrapped tight around her\par
ribcage as if to prevent whatever meagre body heat she had from escaping.\par
Her white skin glowed in the darkness, etched in shadow, making her seem\par
part wraith, part woman.\par
I\rquote d waited in the blackness, obscured by trees. Waited for her to either\par
fall asleep or fret herself into unconsciousness. I wanted to wrap her in\par
warmth and take her back to her chambers where she could find some\par
resemblance of living...with me.\par
I wanted to kiss her frigid lips and run my fingers down her icy arms. I\par
wanted to be warm for her and forget all notions of being a glacier.\par
But powerful waves of hatred and disgust rolled from her delicate form,\par
lapping through the trees and around my ankles. As much as I wanted to go\par
to her, I couldn\rquote t.\par
For the same reason I needed to see Jasmine so often.\par
For the same curse I\rquote d lived with my whole life.\par
So, I\rquote d waited.\par
I\rquote d sacrificed myself by feeling her pain.\par
I\rquote d shared the cold with her.\par
I\rquote d hoped she sensed my presence and it offered a shred of comfort.\par
And when she\rquote d finally retreated to the Hall, I\rquote d followed discretely.\par
Shadowing her every step, determined she wouldn\rquote t see me.\par
It wasn\rquote t until she\rquote d stumbled from her bathroom in a cloud of steam\par
and wearing a towel that I\rquote d left the security hub and the constantly\par
recording cameras and returned to my own quarters.\par
As I lay staring at my ceiling, thinking how disastrous my life had\par
become ever since I texted her over two months ago, I felt another stirring\par
inside my broken heart.\par
One that gave me a small blaze of hope that there might be some way to\par
salvage this nightmare.\par
For the first time in my life, I wanted to talk to someone. Fully confess.\par
And not just to my sister.\par
I wanted to unload and spill everything to my sworn enemy. To the\par
woman I wanted but could never have.\par
If I stepped off that ledge and took a leap of faith, I had no doubt I\par
would end up dead when I fell. But I\rquote d left it too long to fix myself and no\par
longer had control over my impulses.\par
I\rquote d regret it.\par
Shit, I already did.\par
But it couldn\rquote t stop me.\par
With a rabbiting heart, I\rquote d messaged her the first shred of truth.\par
I began the journey that would pulverize me.\par
\par
Cut looked up from his newspaper, his eyes narrowing. \ldblquote Where were you\par
yesterday?\rdblquote\par
Torturing Nila. Torturing myself.\par
\ldblquote Nowhere. Not important.\rdblquote  I strode toward the dining table, glaring at\par
Daniel. He was the only other man indulging in breakfast. Everyone else\par
must\rquote ve eaten and split.\par
Daniel smirked, smearing butter onto a fresh croissant. Keeping eye\par
contact, he stuffed it into his mouth.\par
The idea of eating with my two least favourite people turned my hunger\par
into repulsion. Grabbing the back of a chair, I made no move to pull it out.\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s Kes?\rdblquote\par
Cut pursed his lips, folding the newspaper sedately beside him. \ldblquote How\par
would I know?\rdblquote\par
I cocked my head in acknowledgement. Fine. If he wanted to play hardarse, I could play. Squeezing the back of the chair, I nodded and made my\par
way back to the exit. I had something to discuss with Kes, and wasn\rquote t in the\par
mood to deal with my father and his mind manipulation.\par
Reaching the door, my fingers wrapped around the doorknob, but before\par
I could escape, Cut said, \ldblquote We haven\rquote t finished. Come in. Sit. Eat.\rdblquote\par
I turned, finding it no hardship to find the snow that protected me. I\par
vibrated with icicles, just waiting to use the glittering tips as weapons. \ldblquote We\par
have finished. I have things to do.\rdblquote\par
Daniel snickered. \ldblquote That\rquote s what you think.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  I snapped. \ldblquote Eat your damn food and mind your own fucking\par
business.\rdblquote\par
Cut raised an eyebrow, pushing back his chair to stand. Moving to the\par
buffet table where Nila had collected the trays to serve the Black Diamond\par
brothers, he used a pair of tongs to place a raspberry Danish and some fresh\par
grapes onto his plate. \ldblquote I\rquote m not convinced you\rquote re coping with the pressure of\par
what is required of you, Jethro.\rdblquote\par
I swallowed, fisting my hands. \ldblquote I\rquote m coping just fine.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then why have you been making almost daily visits to see Jaz?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, someone\rquote s been caught sneaking,\rdblquote  Daniel chuckled.\par
I threw him a death stare before focusing the rage on my father.\par
\ldblquote Jasmine is our flesh and blood. I\rquote m permitted to see family. Or is that\par
against the rules now, too?\rdblquote\par
If he took Jaz away from me, I would go fucking rogue.\par
Cut clucked his tongue, turning to face me. \ldblquote Your temper and\par
wisecracks have been steadily getting worse for weeks.\rdblquote  Tilting his head, he\par
added, \ldblquote In fact, it\rquote s become so bad no amount of bullshit from you can\par
convince me that you\rquote re coping. You\rquote re losing control, Jet. Losing it all\par
thanks to that little Weaver Whore.\rdblquote\par
My heart thundered. Words flew and collided in my head.\par
She\rquote s not a fucking whore.\par
Don\rquote t fucking talk about her like that.\par
Stay the fuck away from her.\par
But I swallowed every syllable and forced myself to stay stoic.\par
When I didn\rquote t respond, Cut glowered and made his way back to the\par
table. Sitting down, he waved at a chair. \ldblquote Join us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No. Whatever you have to say, say it. I have somewhere to be.\rdblquote\par
Someone to see.\par
\ldblquote I do not like this side of you, Jet. I thought we\rquote d turned a corner with\par
you a few years ago. Don\rquote t make me regret what I promised you.\rdblquote\par
My heart switched from anger to anxiety. I hated that he had such\par
power, such sway over me. \ldblquote I\rquote ve done everything you asked.\rdblquote\par
Cut popped a grape into his mouth. \ldblquote Ah, see, that\rquote s where you\rquote re\par
wrong. I know more than you think, and you haven\rquote t been following the\par
rules.\rdblquote\par
Shit.\par
Sweat dotted my brow at the thought of him seeing me come undone\par
while thrusting into the woman I was meant to treat like filth. \ldblquote Name one\par
thing.\rdblquote\par
My father\rquote s eyes twinkled.\par
Shit, I shouldn\rquote t have said that.\par
Cut took a bite of his pastry, never taking his gaze off me.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re in fucking trouble,\rdblquote  Dan sneered.\par
My head tore up, locking eyes with my psychotic little brother. I didn\rquote t\par
think it was possible to hate someone as much as I hated him. I didn\rquote t want\par
to be anywhere near him. He wasn\rquote t good for me. Healthy for me.\par
Snapping between clenched teeth, I said, \ldblquote Watch your tongue,\par
Buzzard.\rdblquote\par
Daniel growled, \ldblquote Don\rquote t use that nickname, Kite.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut it,\rdblquote  I hissed, glaring behind me just in case Nila had arrived for\par
breakfast. I\rquote d given her the truth in my last message, but I wanted her to\par
come to me and ask. I wanted to stare into her eyes as she waged between\par
anger at being tricked and acknowledgement that in some way, she\rquote d\par
known all along.\par
\ldblquote Enough. Both of you,\rdblquote  Cut ordered, pointing a spoon at us. \ldblquote Stop\par
being a twat, Dan, and, Jet, he\rquote s right. You\rquote re in trouble.\rdblquote\par
I trembled with pent-up aggression. The pressure of competition and\par
testosterone in the room seemed to drip down the damn walls. \ldblquote Why,\par
exactly?\rdblquote\par
My father relaxed into the chair, believing he was in complete control.\par
And he was. As much as I hated it.\par
\ldblquote What didn\rquote t you do after the First Debt was paid?\rdblquote\par
My mind charged with all sorts of things. There were so many\par
instructions I hadn\rquote t kept. I struggled to recall one that he\rquote d caught me out\par
on. Did he know that I hadn\rquote t dropped her core temperature before the\par
whipping? Did he know I\rquote d fucked her and in turn fucked myself?\par
Keeping my face blank and cold\emdash just like I\rquote d been taught\emdash I snarled,\par
\ldblquote I tended to her injuries, as per the custom, and left her to heal.\rdblquote\par
Cut sighed. The weight of his disappointment and annoyance crushed\par
me. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t do the tally, though, did you?\rdblquote\par
My heart clenched. \ldblquote Fuck.\rdblquote\par
He nodded. \ldblquote Fuck, indeed.\rdblquote\par
How did I forget that part?\par
My body filled with thick resentment. \ldblquote I\rquote ll fix it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Damn right, you\rquote ll fix it.\rdblquote  Cut lost his smooth edge, showing his\par
jagged temper beneath. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you\rquote re playing at, Jethro, but\par
I\rquote m not fucking happy. Get it done. Today. Now, in fact.\rdblquote  Grabbing his\par
napkin, he wiped his fingers. \ldblquote Go grab her and meet us in the solar.\rdblquote\par
My soul twisted, feeding off his blackness, his darkness. Every moment\par
I spent in his presence, I slipped back into the man he wanted me to be. I\par
became infected with whatever madness lurked within my family tree.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll get it done. I don\rquote t need an audience.\rdblquote\par
They could trust me.\par
All my life, I\rquote d lived with these men, and all my life, I\rquote d drank their\par
poison. I was one of them. It didn\rquote t matter that I\rquote d had a weak moment\par
yesterday. This was who I was.\par
I\rquote m a Hawk.\par
Before Nila, my family was all the company I had\emdash their morals all I\rquote d\par
been taught.\par
And up until two months ago, I believed Cut loved me\emdash cared for me\emdash\par
that was why he gave me a system to follow.\par
Another thing Nila and I had in common: we blindly followed our\par
elders, naively believing they had the answers to our problems.\par
No matter who Cut groomed me to be, he failed. I might want to obey. I\par
might crave to be happy in the boundaries he\rquote d set, but I never lived up to\par
his expectations.\par
Cut broke into my thoughts. \ldblquote You\rquote re right, you will get it done. And\par
you\rquote ll have witnesses to ensure it happens correctly.\rdblquote  His eyes bored into\par
mine. \ldblquote Unless you\rquote d rather hand Nila over to Kes and spend the month\par
working on your disposition?\rdblquote\par
My teeth clenched at the thought. \ldblquote No. I\rquote m fine.\rdblquote\par
The spike of possession and desire overrode my frosty heart, showing\par
me once again how thin the ice was that I skated upon. It was no longer\par
solid and strong. The surface was breakable, just waiting for me to step into\par
its trap and drown me.\par
I\rquote d suspected for years that there might\rquote ve been another way to \lquote fix\rquote  me.\par
But whenever I attempted to revert to my true nature, Cut would notice and\par
stop me.\par
I knew what it did to me. I knew how to survive with the sessions, but\par
ever since Nila had arrived, it hadn\rquote t been enough.\par
Nothing was enough anymore.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not fine, Jethro, but I\rquote m willing to give you the benefit of the\par
doubt. One more chance, son. Don\rquote t make me regret it.\rdblquote  Striding past, he\par
ordered, \ldblquote Go fetch your Weaver. It\rquote s time to fix your mess.\rdblquote\par
\par
Nila looked up as I entered her quarters.\par
Her onyx eyes cleaved right through my heart. I slammed to a stop as\par
she glowered. Words flew between us, but none were spoken aloud.\par
I don\rquote t want you here. You disgust me.\par
I want you to obey. You terrify me.\par
I understood her temper, but it didn\rquote t mean I had to take it. It wasn\rquote t me\par
who\rquote d slaughtered and buried her family.\par
I fumbled for my ice and strode into the room.\par
Nila looked away, cutting me off from her thoughts. She sat in the\par
middle of the huge oblong table, surrounded by material and brightly\par
coloured pins.\par
She\rquote s sewing.\par
I didn\rquote t know why that comforted me, but it did. She\rquote d returned to her\par
craft because it was a part of her. She\rquote d found a way to stay fundamentally\par
true to her family, all while I drifted further and further from mine. Where I\par
was melting and losing myself, she was forming into a defiantly stronger\par
person.\par
You\rquote re doing that.\par
It was because of me that she\rquote d grown. Because of who I was and what\par
circumstances we found ourselves in. I shouldn\rquote t take such perverse\par
happiness from that, but I did. It wasn\rquote t her father or twin who\rquote d made her\par
grow and see her own potential.\par
It was her sworn enemy.\par
The man who\rquote d tasted and fucked her.\par
The man whose heart thumped uncomfortably alive whenever she was\par
near.\par
I couldn\rquote t work out the complex mess inside. One moment, I hated her\par
for dragging me from where I\rquote d existed all my life, but the next, I wanted to\par
kiss her for showing me an alternative to how I\rquote d been living.\par
My ice couldn\rquote t compete with her.\par
And what was worse, I didn\rquote t want it to.\par
\ldblquote What are you doing in here?\rdblquote  Suspicion, lust, and anger buffeted me in\par
her stare, turning me to stone.\par
Before she\rquote d arrived, I\rquote d been a ball of twine\emdash carefully packaged with\par
no loose ends in sight. But Nila, with her needles and scissors, had\par
somehow found a thread and pulled. Every tug undid the tightly wrapped\par
nucleus of who I was, and I battled with fighting against the change or just\par
giving up and letting it happen.\par
I couldn\rquote t remember the last time it got this bad. But it was my own\par
fucking fault. I shouldn\rquote t have let myself slide so far from my safety net.\par
Who knew if I could find my way back?\par
When I didn\rquote t move or speak, Nila placed the swatch of turquoise cloth\par
onto the table and narrowed her gaze. \ldblquote Either speak or leave, I can\rquote t be\par
around you right now.\rdblquote\par
She couldn\rquote t be around me? How about I couldn\rquote t be around her?\par
Silence granted me a reprieve. I stood taller, locking my muscles against\par
the haunting memory of her yesterday.\par
My eyes fell to her hands. Her index finger had a bright pink plaster on\par
the tip\emdash no doubt from pricking herself with a needle while working.\par
Needle.\par
What would she do if I were to suddenly call her Needle? What if I just\par
admitted I was Kite? Would she hate me for the deception or be grateful\par
that she no longer had to pretend?\par
Why had she not confronted Kestrel? And how much longer would she\par
continue to avoid my text last night?\par
It fucked me off that I couldn\rquote t drop my guard, knowing whatever she\par
felt toward Kite transferred to my brother. He was winning, even while I\par
stripped myself bare in the hopes of achieving the impossible.\par
Her eyes glinted. \ldblquote Dammit, say something or go!\rdblquote\par
Her voice jolted me back into the present. \ldblquote I need you to come with\par
me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why? You belong to me, that\rquote s why. I don\rquote t have to have a reason.\rdblquote\par
Her knuckles turned white as she fisted the material. \ldblquote Carry on being\par
delusional, Mr. Hawk, but disappear so I don\rquote t have to look at you.\rdblquote  She\par
turned around, showing me her back.\par
Temper frothed in my gut. How dare she turn her back on me? I\par
snapped my fingers, growling, \ldblquote I won\rquote t ask again. Come here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t ask the first time. And don\rquote t snap your fingers. I\rquote m not a\par
dog and I will not heel.\rdblquote  She wore a gypsy cream skirt and black sweater.\par
With her spine ramrod straight, she looked haughty and as chilly as any\par
sovereign.\par
My mouth watered to kiss her.\par
My cock twitched to fuck her.\par
My heart thumped with desire.\par
An argument brewed between us, gathering force until the curtains\par
twitched with an animosity-storm.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re right, you aren\rquote t a dog. A dog is much easier to train.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Believe me, if I was a dog, my fangs would be buried in your arse, and\par
you\rquote d be pleading for mercy. I definitely wouldn\rquote t be well-trained.\rdblquote\par
My hands balled. A stupid flippant comment but it spiralled us deeper\par
into a quarrel.\par
Just knowing she had the guts to stand up to me made me fucking hot. I\par
wanted to bend her over the table and fuck her, hard and ruthless.\par
Were all Weavers like her? Strong willed and contentious or was she\par
unique\emdash a once in a lifetime adversary?\par
\ldblquote Turn around. Look at me.\rdblquote\par
If she did, I\rquote d give into the throbbing in my cock and make my father\par
wait.\par
\ldblquote No. I don\rquote t want to look at a Hawk.\rdblquote  Her voice was sharp and cutting.\par
Whatever liveliness she\rquote d had before had disappeared\emdash almost as if she\rquote d\par
left her soul where her family lay on the moor.\par
Her dismissal and obvious unaffectedness of our pointless argument\par
tensed my muscles.\par
Didn\rquote t my desire for her mean anything? Didn\rquote t my text help her see\par
me? The real me? Surely, the truth granted me some leeway for\par
forgiveness.\par
I stepped forward. I wanted to curse her for making me this way. This\par
weak. \ldblquote Last night\emdash\rdblquote  I gave you more honesty in one text message than I\rquote ve\par
given anyone. Who was I kidding? She didn\rquote t fucking care. She shouldn\rquote t\par
fucking care.\par
Grow a pair, fuckwit, and forget about whatever connection you thought\par
you had.\par
Nila spun around; her cheeks dotted red with rage. \ldblquote Last night! You\par
dare talk to me about last night? Where I spent the evening mourning\par
family members that were subjected to the likes of you?\rdblquote\par
The weakness she conjured inside switched to fury. I stormed forward,\par
towering over her. \ldblquote I told you not to go up the path, Ms. Weaver. Whatever\par
you\rquote re feeling is your fault, not mine.\rdblquote  Moving fast, I snatched her elbow\par
and jerked her from the bench. \ldblquote Enough. I\rquote m done reliving something I had\par
no part in.\rdblquote  Shaking her, I dragged her from the puddle of fabric heading for\par
the exit.\par
My fingers tingled from touching her. My lungs eagerly inhaled the\par
unique scent of cotton, chalk, and Nila. If I wasn\rquote t so damn angry, her smell\par
would\rquote ve entranced me. It would\rquote ve granted a tiny oasis from everything\par
else I dealt with.\par
\ldblquote Let go of me, you arsehole!\rdblquote  She squirmed in my hold.\par
\ldblquote No, not until you learn how to behave.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How about you learn to behave, you cold-hearted-emotionallyscrewed-up-jerk!\rdblquote\par
I slammed to a halt. \ldblquote Careful, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
She stabbed me in the chest with her fingertip, a maniacal laugh\par
escaping her perfect lips. \ldblquote God, you\rquote re\emdash I don\rquote t know what you are. I think\par
your rule of not letting people call you mad or insane is because it isn\rquote t a\par
slur, but the truth. You\rquote re bonkers, Jethro Hawk. And you can hit me for\par
saying it\emdash but it\rquote s about time someone pointed out the obvious.\rdblquote  Her voice\par
dropped to a murmur. \ldblquote You\rquote re a nutcase. Completely cuckoo.\rdblquote\par
I\rquote d never suffered a barrage of words so fucking painful.\par
Grabbing her by the diamond collar, I shoved her backward until her\par
spine hit the wall. Dropping my head so my mouth lingered above hers, I\par
whispered, \ldblquote And you\rquote re the Weaver who let a psychotic Hawk between\par
your legs. You\rquote re the one who\rquote s damned, not me. I have an excuse for what\par
I am. You? You have no excuse but getting wet all over\emdash what did you call\par
me\emdash a nutcase Hawk.\rdblquote\par
Her lips twisted into a snarl. I tensed for her barrage.\par
Our eyes locked with fury.\par
Then something happened.\par
Something switched.\par
Fury became desire.\par
Desire became insanity.\par
I couldn\rquote t withstand the command.\par
\ldblquote Fuck this.\rdblquote\par
I kissed her.\par
She cried out as my lips slammed down on hers. In a seamless move, I\par
pressed my entire body along Nila\rquote s twisting one, pinning her unforgivingly\par
against the wall. My leg jammed between hers, opening her wide, crushing\par
my thigh against her clit.\par
Her mouth hung slack for a second as her hips involuntarily rocked on\par
my leg. My stomach twisted and everything I\rquote d been trying to hide rose up\par
completely out of control.\par
Heat.\par
Wetness.\par
Hardness.\par
An ache so fucking brutal in my chest it almost brought tears to my\par
eyes.\par
Then pain.\par
I reared back as Nila\rquote s sharp teeth punctured my bottom lip. I licked the\par
tender flesh. She\rquote d broken the skin.\par
Blood. \par
Metallic.\par
Life.\par
Her chest rose and fell; her eyes wild and sending messages that tripped\par
and conflicted. She felt what I did. But she hated me for it.\par
Too bad. I had to have more.\par
I grabbed her, smashing our bodies together and reclaiming her mouth.\par
Offering my blood, forcing her to drink my injury and share my bone-deep\par
pain.\par
She wriggled and fought, but beneath her rage echoed the same mindcrippling desire that turned us from enemies into something more.\par
\ldblquote Stop\emdash\rdblquote  she moaned before my tongue danced with hers, stealing her\par
curses. In her arms, feeling nothing but heat and passion, I could pretend\par
life was simpler. There were no debts, no arguments, no families, no hatred.\par
Just us.\par
Just this.\par
Nila stopped fighting and kissed me back. She vibrated in my arms, her\par
hands pushing and pulling at once. Her lips opened to scream or beg, but I\par
silenced her by tangling my tongue deeper with hers.\par
She fought me.\par
She encouraged me.\par
She confused the shit out of me.\par
My mind roared and instinct took over reason. I thrust against her,\par
grinding my aching cock, seeking relief from the annihilating greed to\par
consume her.\par
Her back arched as I shoved her against the wall\emdash harder and harder. I\par
wanted to crawl inside her. I wanted to own her every thought.\par
Agony erupted in my balls.\par
\ldblquote Fuck!\rdblquote  My stomach swooped and my gut roiled as if to vomit.\par
Stumbling away, I clutched my cock, willing the blistering pain to ebb.\par
She kneed me!\par
Over the stupefying pain, I barely noticed Nila encroaching on me. Her\par
breath was ragged, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes blazed with an odd\par
mixture of lust and hate. \ldblquote Don\rquote t touch me, Jethro Hawk. You might have\par
been between my legs. I might\rquote ve let you inside my body, but I will never\par
let you inside my soul. Not now.\rdblquote\par
I hissed between my teeth, riding the waves of torrid agony. I couldn\rquote t\par
stand straight.\par
Nila bent over to whisper in my ear. \ldblquote I might not have fangs, but I do\par
have a sharp knee.\rdblquote  With infinitesimal softness, she brushed away the hair\par
that\rquote d flopped over my forehead. Her touch was tender, loving, but beneath\par
it lurked the truth.\par
Something was missing inside her.\par
Something that drew me to her and made me believe.\par
Once again, my family had destroyed any hope of me finding salvation\par
by breaking the one woman who might\rquote ve been strong enough to help me.\par
Nila murmured, \ldblquote I don\rquote t kiss men who I find abhorrent. Whatever\par
happened between us is over.\rdblquote\par
Gritting my teeth, I unfolded. \ldblquote Quiet!\rdblquote\par
She froze.\par
My outburst sliced through our bullshit, granting a smidgen of clarity.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t lie to me. You will let me inside you. And you will let me own you.\rdblquote\par
Snatching her wrist, I jerked her close. \ldblquote You will because we don\rquote t have a\par
choice. You\rquote re inside me. Don\rquote t you get it? You\rquote re inside me. And it\rquote s only\par
fair that I\rquote m inside you.\rdblquote\par
Silence.\par
Breathing hard, I growled, \ldblquote You know as well as I do the dangerous\par
game we\rquote re playing. I won\rquote t retaliate from what you just did, but don\rquote t push\par
me any further. And don\rquote t you dare fucking say it\rquote s over.\rdblquote  Pressing my nose\par
against hers, I hissed, \ldblquote Because it\rquote s not.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes flared. \ldblquote Believe me, it is over. I have no intention of ever\par
touching you again.\rdblquote\par
My temper boiled at the thought of her denying me more of this\emdash\par
whatever this was. I\rquote d tasted her; I refused to believe we were through.\par
Cupping her jaw, I murmured, \ldblquote The moment this morning is done, I\rquote ll\par
show you how wrong you are. I\rquote ll show you how deep I am inside you.\par
How fucked both of us are.\rdblquote  I pressed my lips against her cheekbone. \ldblquote You\par
want to win? What if I told you it would be better if you lost? Better for\par
both of us if you submitted and stopped fighting for a change.\rdblquote\par
She laughed. \ldblquote Stop fighting? That\rquote s all we have. Don\rquote t you see? If I\par
don\rquote t fight you\emdash then what am I supposed to do? Am I supposed to be okay\par
with all of this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
She snorted, anger sharpening her features. \ldblquote Delusional as well as\par
insane.\rdblquote  Shoving me, she demanded, \ldblquote Tell me why you\rquote re here before I\par
knee you in the balls again.\rdblquote\par
God, I wanted to strike her.\par
I wanted to antagonise her to the point of giving in just so I could fuck\par
her again. My blood was lava; my cock rock hard.\par
Trying to get myself under control, I snapped, \ldblquote I forgot to complete a\par
part of the First Debt. My father just reminded me.\rdblquote\par
She stiffened. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t I pay enough for that monster? Twenty-one\par
lashings complete with scars that will last a lifetime. Or did he find out you\par
didn\rquote t freeze me before making me bleed?\rdblquote\par
Resentment radiated on her face.\par
How could I handle her like this? This belligerent?\par
\ldblquote No matter what you think of me, I\rquote m doing my best to protect you. I\par
told you I would be in equal trouble for disobeying. I have no intention of\par
explaining the truth.\rdblquote\par
Despite herself, some of her temper dispersed, leaving resigned\par
tolerance in her gaze. \ldblquote If it\rquote s not that...then what?\rdblquote\par
My fingers curled tighter around her wrist. I winced as something sharp\par
dug into my thumb. Holding up her arm, the glint of metal winked through\par
the black fabric of her jumper. \ldblquote Are there needles in your cuffs?\rdblquote\par
She tried to jerk her arm away. Unsuccessfully.\par
\ldblquote Hardly safe, don\rquote t you think?\rdblquote\par
She looked at the sharp pins as I pulled them free and dropped them\par
onto a side table. \par
Her lips curled. \ldblquote A hazard of the occupation. It\rquote s convenient to have\par
them there\emdash I misplace them if I\rquote m knee deep in material.\rdblquote  Her black eyes\par
met mine. \ldblquote Careful where you touch me, Jethro. You\rquote ll never know if a\par
needle will stab you to death.\rdblquote\par
I froze. Everything she said came layered with hints and metaphors.\par
A chill scattered down my spine. \ldblquote You\rquote re beginning to piss me off, Ms.\par
Weaver. If I didn\rquote t know any better, I would take that as a threat.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe you should.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe you should say what you mean and be done with it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m sorry. I thought I just did. I hate you. There, that blatant\par
enough?\rdblquote\par
Oh, my fucking God. This woman.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t hate me.\rdblquote\par
She snarled. \ldblquote Believe me. I do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t know me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know more than I need and I don\rquote t like what I know.\rdblquote\par
My heart lurched. \ldblquote You\rquote re just like them. Judging me before you\par
understand me.\rdblquote  The moment the words were free, I panicked. What the\par
fuck?\par
My fingers twitched to wrap around her throat, to squeeze the\par
knowledge of my secrets from her ears. She\rquote d cut me out. She didn\rquote t\par
deserve to understand.\par
I moved forward, closing the distance between us, unable to ignore the\par
twinges of cuts on my soles. \ldblquote Stop punishing me for what happened\par
yesterday.\rdblquote\par
She laughed coldly. \ldblquote Yesterday? You think my repulsion of you is from\par
yesterday?\rdblquote\par
I frowned. \ldblquote Of course, it is. Before you saw what was on the moor, you\par
liked me. You kissed me. You wrapped your legs around me while I fucked\par
\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And you fell for it, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote  Her smile was nasty. \ldblquote I made you kiss\par
me. I made you fuck me to prove a point.\rdblquote\par
The fire in my blood suddenly snuffed out, leaving my heart blackened\par
and charred and eager for the creeping icicles in the dark. My voice\par
dropped to an emotionless void. \ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\par
You used me.\par
Same as them.\par
You lied to me.\par
Same as them.\par
\ldblquote I told you to kiss me to prove you have a soul. You have one. I see that\par
now. But I don\rquote t like it.\rdblquote  She sucked in a breath, cocking her chin with a\par
haughty dismissal. \ldblquote I slept with you because I was weak and because I\par
believed you were different. But you\rquote re not different. You\rquote ll toy with me,\par
hurt me, and ultimately kill me. And then you\rquote ll bury me with the rotting\par
corpses of my slain family.\rdblquote\par
Her blood pumped thickly beneath my touch. A headache brewed from\par
nowhere. I\rquote d only been here for ten minutes, yet it felt like an eternity. An\par
eternity where all my dreams had just vanished, transforming into\par
nightmares. \ldblquote What do you want from me? An apology? A fucking\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s the thing. I don\rquote t want anything from you. All I want is to have\par
nothing to do with you or your bastard kin ever again. I intend to stay in my\par
quarters until each debt must be repaid. I don\rquote t care how long it takes or\par
what you do to me, I\rquote m done playing your stupid games.\rdblquote\par
My muscles locked.\par
Stupid games?\par
She thought my texts were stupid games? She thought everything that I\par
was going through was a fucking game?\par
Ice turned to sleet, raining upon my soul. \ldblquote What are you saying?\rdblquote\par
Her eyes glittered with cold-hearted conviction. \ldblquote I was wrong to think I\par
had any power in this fate. I\rquote m done. Seeing those graves made me grow\par
up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So, you\rquote re just going to lock yourself away and wait to die?\rdblquote\par
She nodded. \ldblquote Having free roam of this place, receiving gifts, and\par
enjoying people\rquote s company undermines my right to feel wronged. I won\rquote t\par
play along anymore. I\rquote m a prisoner and I refuse to forget that.\rdblquote\par
I wanted to slap her. I wanted to throw her onto the bed and fuck her.\par
Whoever this woman was in front of me, she wasn\rquote t the Nila who\rquote d made\par
me unravel.\par
She thought she couldn\rquote t change my family? Maybe she was right. But\par
she sure as fuck changed me.\par
\ldblquote Everything you just said is bullshit.\rdblquote\par
She shrugged. \ldblquote Believe what you want to believe.\rdblquote\par
I searched her gaze, delving as deep as I could, trying to see the truth.\par
Something about this entire exchange felt fake.\par
She stared right back, hinting at nothing.\par
We\rquote d run out of time. Extracting the truth from her would have to come\par
later.\par
\ldblquote Enough melodramatics. We\rquote re leaving,\rdblquote  I muttered. \ldblquote Time to go.\rdblquote\par
She scoffed. \ldblquote Do what you have to do. I\rquote m sure there\rquote s a special place\par
reserved for you Hawks in hell.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Goddammit, Nila!\rdblquote\par
She flinched.\par
I didn\rquote t have the strength to have another fight, especially when I\par
needed to concentrate and get through what was about to happen. \ldblquote Behave.\par
Just once if your fucking life trust without having to understand.\rdblquote\par
Yanking her forearm, I pulled her toward the exit.\par
In a magical twist, she somehow dislodged my grip and stalked to the\par
door on her own.\par
My jaw locked as she threw me a cold glare and disappeared into the\par
corridor.\par
Bloody woman.\par
Catching up to her, I captured her hand.\par
My heart skipped at the simple touch. Up until now, I\rquote d always grabbed\par
her elbow or arm\emdash keeping our roles perfectly clear. So, what was I doing\par
grabbing her hand like an equal?\par
Her fingers twitched then looped purposely through mine.\par
My cock hardened and I slammed to a halt. Christ, I wanted her.\par
Her nails were long and the tips suddenly sliced into the back of my\par
hand.\par
I hissed between my teeth. The pinpricks of pain sent me reeling into a\par
memory of her clutching my back as I thrust deep inside her.\par
Her fingers turned white as she tightened her grip. I didn\rquote t jolt as two\par
fingernails broke my skin and drew blood. This was a perfect example of\par
her undoing. She didn\rquote t understand me. Didn\rquote t understand that she\rquote d just\par
given me a gift better than anything. With pain, came relief, and with relief,\par
came snow.\par
My heart slowed its beat. My temper faded. Any remaining fire\par
dwindled to nothing. \ldblquote Thank you for reminding me of my role in your life,\par
Ms. Weaver. What just happened won\rquote t happen again.\rdblquote\par
I won\rquote t be so weak as to kiss you again.\par
I won\rquote t be so stupid to believe you can see me.\par
She tilted her chin. \ldblquote Good.\rdblquote\par
I slipped into the dutiful firstborn son. \ldblquote Kindly remove your claws.\rdblquote\par
A coy smile played with her lips. \ldblquote My claws?\rdblquote  She blinked innocently.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you mean.\rdblquote\par
Lowering my head, I murmured, \ldblquote You know exactly what I mean.\rdblquote\par
Your claws around my fucking heart.\par
Untangling our fingers, I snagged her elbow. The throb where her nails\par
had punctured helped me focus. I\rquote d been blinded by her. Hypnotised by a\par
promise of more\emdash of a connection I never dared dream of.\par
It was a lie.\par
And I was sick of being used.\par
Striding down the corridor, dragging my prey through the house, I said,\par
\ldblquote No more, Ms. Weaver. No more games. We\rquote re through.\rdblquote\par
\par
The solar.\par
A room hidden on the second floor located down twining corridors.\par
Glass cases lined the hallways displaying ancient crochet and needlepoint.\par
Black Diamond brothers and visitors were prohibited from this floor.\par
It was feminine territory\emdash housing only my grandmother and sister,\par
along with my father\rquote s study and private rooms. His bedroom was up\par
another level in one of the turrets. Fortified and armed, ready for a war that\par
never came.\par
Nila didn\rquote t speak as I guided her up the massive spiral stone staircase in\par
the east wing. She\rquote d gone peculiarly obedient but lagged behind me; I\par
practically had to drag her.\par
\ldblquote Where are you taking me?\rdblquote  Her eyes darted around the second floor as\par
we stepped onto the landing.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll find out soon enough.\rdblquote  Gritting my teeth, I pulled her forward.\par
\ldblquote Did a Weaver do those?\rdblquote  she asked, jerking me to a stop to stare at an\par
embroidery of Hawksridge Hall bathed in golden sunlight with wild horses\par
prancing on the front lawn.\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes met mine. \ldblquote Who did then?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No one you need to know about.\rdblquote  We moved in testy silence to the\par
large double doors at the end.\par
\ldblquote Is this where you sleep? Upstairs, I mean?\rdblquote\par
My head whipped to face her. \ldblquote You\rquote re asking where my quarters are?\rdblquote\par
Dragging her close, I whispered hotly in her ear. \ldblquote Why? So you can sneak\par
inside and fuck me? Or perhaps murder is more on your mind.\rdblquote\par
She vibrated with anger. \ldblquote Like I would tell you.\rdblquote\par
My palm itched to strike again. I\rquote d never been a violent person,\par
preferring to intimidate with winter rather than with fists, but goddammit,\par
she made it hard to remember just who I was and what was expected of me.\par
I\rquote d lost myself.\par
I\rquote m fucking floundering. \par
\ldblquote Stop asking questions.\rdblquote  Splaying my hand on the doors, I pushed them\par
open.\par
Her gaze went wide, sweeping around the large space. The solar was\par
masculine in both use and d\f0\'e9cor, and frankly, rather drab. Heavy oak\par
panels, with carved hawks and feather wreaths, covered the ceiling. The\par
walls were gold-gilded leather, oppressing the space with dark brown while\par
the carpet was blood red.\par
Slouchy black couches rested in clusters, some by the huge fireplace,\par
and others by the lead-light window. An oversize coffee table took centre\par
place with thick glass imprisoning the bleached bones of my father\rquote s old\par
dog, Wrathbone.\par
A slow clap filled the space. Daniel smirked, his eyes locking onto Nila.\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t get lost after all. Pity, I\rquote d just volunteered to be the search\par
party.\rdblquote\par
My spine locked. Shit, not only had my father decided to be present for\par
this, but he\rquote d invited Kes and Daniel, too. The thought of Daniel seeing me\par
around Nila both enraged and terrified.\par
He\rquote d always seen how different I was and used my flaws to hurt me.\par
Nila subtly moved closer to me, never taking her gaze off my younger\par
brother.\par
So, she hates me but still expects me to protect her.\par
I wanted to pull away and leave her on her own. She deserved it. But no\par
matter what just happened, she was still mine and with ownership came\par
responsibility. Her welfare was my concern.\par
\ldblquote About time you two arrived.\rdblquote  Cut leaned against one of the embossed\par
walls, his posture relaxed. In his hand was a tumbler of cognac. Not even\par
midday and he had hard liquor in his belly. My father wasn\rquote t a drunkard. He\par
would never give up control enough to be under the influence. He just\par
indulged in things he wanted, when he wanted them.\par
Cut\rquote s gaze went to Nila. \ldblquote Pleasure to see you, my dear. I heard you\rquote ve\par
recently relocated to the Weaver quarters. How are you finding your new\par
accommodations?\rdblquote\par
Her arm jerked beneath my hold, her fingers curling into a fist.\par
Nila sniffed. \ldblquote I appreciate a place to work and equipment in which to do\par
it, but if you think I\rquote ll find happiness anywhere in your home, you\rquote re\par
mistaken.\rdblquote\par
Cut laughed. \ldblquote I would suggest you stop lying to yourself. I\rquote ve seen you\par
smiling. I\rquote ve witnessed your contentedness these past few weeks.\rdblquote\par
Nila growled low in her chest. \ldblquote Yes, that was a mistake. And before I\par
saw what I did yesterday.\rdblquote\par
Cut pushed off from the wall, throwing back the rest of his cognac.\par
\ldblquote And what did you see yesterday?\rdblquote  His eyes flickered to mine, glowing\par
with annoyance.\par
\ldblquote Nothing to concern you about,\rdblquote  Nila snapped.\par
I glanced at her out of the corner of my eye. She could\rquote ve told him\par
about the graves. She could\rquote ve told him all manner of things that I\rquote d sworn\par
her not to tell. If she wanted me punished, my father would ensure I would\par
pay.\par
My heart thundered, waiting for her to announce my weakness. The\par
secret of what it meant to both of us when I\rquote d slipped inside her and felt her\par
come around my cock.\par
She felt it, too.\par
I know it.\par
I sucked in a breath, holding on to the faint connection still between us\par
\f1\emdash not ready to submit to our fight\emdash to believe that whatever existed was\par
gone.\par
\ldblquote Jethro, are you going to permit your charge to speak to her elders so\par
disrespectfully?\rdblquote\par
Shit.\par
My forehead furrowed at the challenge, the command.\par
If I was anything like the son Cut had taught me to be, I would force\par
Nila to her knees and teach her better manners. I would hurt her, scold her,\par
and deliver her heartbreak at his feet.\par
But if I did that, she might reveal my darkest secret. The fact that I\rquote d\par
fucked her. And that it\rquote d destroyed me.\par
Cut grunted, \ldblquote Jet\emdash\rdblquote\par
Embracing the cold, I shifted my hold on Nila and grabbed her around\par
the back of the nape. My fingers dug into the tender column of muscle,\par
holding her firm. \ldblquote Be polite, Ms. Weaver. Drop the insolence and be\par
grateful for all that my family has given you.\rdblquote\par
She flinched but didn\rquote t try to break my hold. Glaring at Cut, she said,\par
\ldblquote Forgive me, Mr. Hawk. What I meant to say was thank you for welcoming\par
me so cordially into hell. I\rquote m so happy to live so close to the devil.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why you\emdash\rdblquote  Cut grabbed a handful of Nila\rquote s long black hair, jerking\par
her from my grip. \ldblquote I\rquote ll make you pay for\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Gentlemen, surely there are more interesting things to be done than\par
tormenting the poor little Weaver Whore?\rdblquote  Kestrel inched closer; his ability\par
to guard his emotions and true feelings were a gift. He glowered in my\par
direction, warning me not to move, to obey his unspoken help.\par
And like so many times in our past, I listened. I forced my heartbeat to\par
regulate and latch onto the projection of calmness he oozed.\par
Nila hung in Cut\rquote s grip. Her tiptoes kept her balanced, but her face\par
screwed up in obvious pain. Despite her agony, she didn\rquote t look away from\par
my father\rquote s challenge or cry out.\par
Kestrel sidled up to them. \ldblquote Father, we have a shipment arriving today\par
and one of the brothers said a rival MC plans to ambush us. Save your\par
wrath for those who deserve it. Not a guest who will be here for a long time\par
to come.\rdblquote\par
My heart raced. My fists locked.\par
I closed my eyes so I wouldn\rquote t have to see my father holding my\par
woman so possessively.\par
A moment ticked past. Sometimes Kestrel\rquote s reasoning worked.\par
Sometimes it didn\rquote t. And if it didn\rquote t, it only made Cut worse\emdash making him\par
feel manipulated and eager to prove dominance over his sons.\par
The room held its breath; the air hovered stagnant and poised.\par
Then Cut let Nila go, rubbing his hands as if he\rquote d touched something\par
foul. \ldblquote Next time you address me, my dear, make sure it\rquote s with respect,\par
otherwise I won\rquote t be so lenient.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That goes for me, too, Nila,\rdblquote  Daniel said. \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget we own your\par
life; best to treat us like gods if you wish to survive longer.\rdblquote\par
Striding forward, I looped a fist in Nila\rquote s long hair, tugging her firmly\par
but not cruelly, reminding her that as long as she obeyed me, she would be\par
safe from other Hawks.\par
Don\rquote t you see I\rquote m bad, but I\rquote m not the worst?\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll remember,\rdblquote  Nila snapped, moving backward until her shoulder\par
brushed my bicep. That small point of contact sent tendrils of heat licking\par
through my blood.\par
Kes grinned, hiding the fact that he\rquote d just controlled the situation. \ldblquote So,\par
are we going to just stand around glaring at each other or what?\rdblquote  He moved\par
forward, nudging me out of the way and slinging an arm over Nila\rquote s\par
shoulders.\par
She sucked in a breath but didn\rquote t fight his guidance as he moved her\par
away from me. He pecked her on the cheek and whispered something into\par
her ear.\par
My jaw clenched as she willingly went with him, drifting away.\par
I hated their bond. The bond I\rquote d made happen by letting her believe\par
Kite was Kes.\par
She hated me for what she\rquote d seen at the cemetery. Therefore, she should\par
hate my brother, too. He wasn\rquote t innocent. Not by a long shot.\par
I took a step forward, intending to steal back what was mine. But I\par
stopped as Kes squeezed her and laughed at something he\rquote d said. She didn\rquote t\par
respond. Just like she\rquote d shut down around me, she tolerated Kes\rquote s touching.\par
But the moment his hold loosened, she ducked from his arm and placed\par
distance between them.\par
Her attention was divided between the men surrounding her, but mainly,\par
it was turned inward, barely acknowledging her predicament of being in a\par
room full of Hawks.\par
What had she done? And how did she turn off so successfully? I wanted\par
to know her trick. So I could do it.\par
Kes beamed, gathering Nila\rquote s willowy frame and tucking her firmly\par
against him again as if she\rquote d never left. Raising his voice, he asked,\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s the party? And when does it start?\rdblquote\par
Cut scowled, pouring himself another finger of cognac. \ldblquote You always\par
were too jovial, Kestrel. Tone it down. You\rquote re getting on my nerves.\rdblquote\par
Kes\rquote s gaze met mine for a second.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t want to be on Daddy\rquote s nerves now, do you?\rdblquote  Daniel cackled. His\par
attention never left Nila as Kes manhandled her to a black couch and sat\par
down.\par
Her dark eyes flickered between me and my family\emdash never locking onto\par
one of us for long, hiding her thoughts.\par
\ldblquote Enough, Daniel.\rdblquote  Waving his now empty glass, Cut added, \ldblquote Retrieve\par
the box.\rdblquote\par
Daniel shook his head, inching toward Nila. \ldblquote In a moment, Pop.\rdblquote\par
Nila sat up straight, her nostrils flaring in fear and repulsion as Dan\par
squatted before her. \ldblquote Hello, pretty Weaver. Just say the word and I\rquote ll steal\par
you from my brother. I\rquote m sure you\rquote re bored of him by now.\rdblquote  He placed a\par
hand on her knee, gathering the material of her skirt. \ldblquote I\rquote m the one you want,\par
admit it.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stand by and tolerate this bullshit.\par
\ldblquote Fuck off, Dan.\rdblquote  I prowled forward, fists clenched. I wanted to throw\par
him across the room. With every step I took, I was exceedingly aware of\par
Cut watching me.\par
My father said, \ldblquote Jet, don\rquote t interfere.\rdblquote\par
It took everything to obey, but I ceased and stood still. \par
Nila didn\rquote t flinch, nor look in my direction. Her lips curled in distaste.\par
\ldblquote Stop touching me, you arsehole.\rdblquote  Her voice was just a whisper, but it\par
echoed dangerously in the room. \ldblquote I\rquote m not yours to toy with so do me a\par
favour and leave.\rdblquote\par
My mouth twitched.\par
The atmosphere thickened, fizzing with intensity like a fuse on a bomb.\par
\ldblquote I rather like touching you.\rdblquote  Daniel\rquote s fingers tightened.\par
I stomped forward, unable to stop myself. \ldblquote Hands off, Dan.\rdblquote  Don\rquote t show\par
too much. I squeezed my eyes for a second, trying to find some sanity\par
amongst the animosity between us. \ldblquote She\rquote s mine.\rdblquote\par
Daniel chuckled, making eye contact. \ldblquote Just \lquote cause you have a plaything\par
doesn\rquote t mean you\rquote re better than me. She belongs to all of us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not until I say\emdash\rdblquote\par
Cut slammed his glass onto the coffee table, rattling the bones of his\par
deceased pet. \ldblquote Must I mediate every time my sons are in the same fucking\par
room?\rdblquote  Running a hand over his face, he growled, \ldblquote Kes, seeing as Daniel\par
won\rquote t listen, you go get the box. Dan, shut the fuck up. Jet, control yourself\par
and sit down.\rdblquote\par
Kes gave me a look. I knew what he thought, but now was not the time\par
to discuss our family issues. He rose from the couch and headed toward the\par
sixteenth-century sideboard by the entrance.\par
Moving forward, I kicked Daniel out of the way and took Kes\rquote s spot\par
beside Nila.\par
Daniel stumbled from my boot before rising in a fit of fury. \ldblquote One of\par
these days, brother.\rdblquote\par
I stood up, towering over him\emdash willing him to raise a fist. \ldblquote One of these\par
days, indeed, brother.\rdblquote\par
Dan breathed hard through his nose. I waited for him to punch me, but\par
he had enough control to snicker and retreat.\par
\ldblquote For God\rquote s sake,\rdblquote  Cut muttered. \ldblquote I raised a bunch of idiots.\rdblquote\par
Dan moved to his father\rquote s side. \ldblquote Only one, Pop. And pity for you, he\rquote s\par
the firstborn.\rdblquote\par
My nostrils flared. Fuck, I wanted to knock him out.\par
Something warm and soft touched the back of my hand. I jumped,\par
looking down at Nila. Her hair cascaded over her shoulder in a wash of ink.\par
Her eyes wide and gleaming with a silent request.\par
Sit down.\par
Do what you\rquote re tasked to do.\par
Protect me.\par
Her message filtered into my soul, switching my irritation to protection.\par
My legs bent, depositing me beside her. A small gap existed between us,\par
but it didn\rquote t stop my skin from prickling with awareness or her chest from\par
rising when I placed my palm next to her hip and touched her once with my\par
pinky finger.\par
Her eyes shot to mine, holding the fierce whip of connection.\par
The blackness of her eyes reflected my lighter ones, showing the strain\par
and anger I couldn\rquote t contain. These wordless moments seemed to happen\par
frequently between us.\par
Sucking in a breath, Nila broke eye contact and shifted away.\par
\ldblquote Got it,\rdblquote  Kes said, moving back toward us.\par
I risked another glance at Nila. She refused to look at me, her attention\par
split between my father and Kes, who carried a smallish box in his hands.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going to happen?\rdblquote  Nila whispered, her body swaying a little\par
toward me.\par
Forcing myself not to inhale her scent, I shrugged. \ldblquote The tally. It\par
should\rquote ve been done the same day I took the debt.\rdblquote\par
Kes set the box before us on the coffee table. It clunked into place with\par
the finality of pain.\par
This would hurt. For both of us.\par
\ldblquote I forgot to do it that day.\rdblquote\par
I\rquote d forgotten because I\rquote d permitted myself to feel her grief and pain\par
while I washed her back and wrapped her in bandages. I\rquote d forgotten\par
because I\rquote d shamed myself by masturbating all over her while she\rquote d hung\par
whipped and bleeding.\par
Nila\rquote s eyes bounced around the Hawks towering over her in a ring of\par
authority. \ldblquote Do what?\rdblquote\par
Could others hear the trace of terror hidden beneath her snappy anger or\par
was I the only one? The only one cursed to listen to her fears and feel her\par
confusion?\par
No one was laying a hand on her. I didn\rquote t care if I had to draw Hawk\par
blood to make that a reality. She would stay mine until the end.\par
With a smirk, Daniel leaned over and opened the lid of the Tally Box.\par
\ldblquote Ready, brother?\rdblquote\par
I looked at Cut, but he just crossed his arms, watching to see how I\par
would proceed. Bastard.\par
I swallowed. I would forever wear these marks. When Nila paid the\par
Final Debt and was dead, I would remain alone and without her. Cursed by\par
her presence every time I looked at the tally.\par
My father wore his from what he did to Nila\rquote s mother on his ribcage. I\rquote d\par
seen it over the years\emdash the marks of coming of age\emdash of being a full-blown\par
Hawk worthy of inheriting the legacy.\par
\ldblquote Tell him where you want it to go, Nila.\rdblquote  Cut looked at my charge.\par
She trembled with tension. \ldblquote Want what?\rdblquote\par
Daniel shifted closer, his eyes slithering all over her. My skin crawled at\par
the thought of him touching her. Hurting her.\par
Fucking arsehole.\par
Closing the distance between Nila and me, I pressed my thigh against\par
hers\emdash hoping she\rquote d understand that we were in this together. Just like I\rquote d\par
told her. Her life was my responsibility and I wouldn\rquote t fail.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll pick,\rdblquote  I said.\par
\ldblquote You aren\rquote t allowed, Jet,\rdblquote  Cut muttered. \ldblquote It\rquote s Ms. Weaver\rquote s decision.\rdblquote\par
Cut moved around the back of the couch, and ran his hands through\par
Nila\rquote s hair. She bit her lip as he kept her still, hemming her inside the\par
barricade of his fingers. \ldblquote Time to choose, my dear. Where do you want to\par
wear the mark?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The mark?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The mark of the debts.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
WHAT THE HELL is happening?\par
Ever since I\rquote d crawled out of bed after seeing my ancestors\rquote  graves, I\rquote d\par
been different. Remote, cold. To be honest, I didn\rquote t recognise myself.\par
I\rquote d tried to work, to drown my thoughts with patterns and sewing, but I\par
couldn\rquote t stop thinking of the past. How did the other Weaver women cope?\par
How did they justify their captivity and pay the debts in full?\par
In one month, I\rquote d made more progress with Jethro than I\rquote d hoped, yet\par
now, I wanted nothing to do with him. I\rquote d lied when I told him I\rquote d only\par
slept with him to prove he had a soul. I\rquote d lied to myself, hoping I would\par
believe it. But nothing could sway the truth or hide the tingling connection\par
that stitched us together\f1\emdash for better or for worse.\par
As much as I needed him on my side, I couldn\rquote t come to terms with\par
what his family had done.\par
His text kept repeating inside my head; the words making no sense but\par
somehow holding a promise of understanding if I only gave it time to\par
unriddle.\par
Somehow, I had to do the impossible by pretending to care all while\par
hating his guts. It was easier said than done when face-to-face with the\par
evidence of his family\rquote s crimes.\par
Seeing the tombstones of my ancestors hurt me deep, terrified me of my\par
future, but worse than that\emdash it showed me just who I\rquote d become.\par
I was a deserter. A betrayer to the Weaver name.\par
How could I wield my heart in a battle that I wouldn\rquote t win? And how\par
could I ignore the fact that by letting Jethro into my bed, I\rquote d let him turn me\par
into a Hawk?\par
Cut tugged hard on my hair, snapping my attention back to my current\par
predicament. His alcohol-laced breath sent fumes into my lungs as my scalp\par
burned from his hold. \ldblquote The marks of the debts must be done. Chose a place.\par
Quickly, my dear.\rdblquote\par
I squirmed on the black couch. Cut wrapped his fingers deeper into my\par
hair, flaring worse pain. \ldblquote I don\rquote t understand what you want.\rdblquote\par
I had no idea what they were talking about or what they expected. Being\par
surrounded by four men\emdash all of whom I despised\emdash would\rquote ve given me a\par
heart attack when I first arrived. Now, I only drew deeper into myself. \par
Even vertigo had lost its power over me. I\rquote d stumbled a little as Jethro\par
had dragged me up the stairs, but he hadn\rquote t noticed. If Vaughn ever saw me\par
again, he wouldn\rquote t recognise me.\par
Daniel tapped the box, its contents shielded by a lid engraved with birds\par
of prey and the Hawk family crest. \ldblquote Don\rquote t have all day, Weaver. Pick.\rdblquote\par
I tried to shake my head, but Cut\rquote s fingers clutched my skull, keeping\par
me prisoner.\par
\ldblquote Pick what? I have no idea what you\rquote re saying.\rdblquote\par
Jethro tensed, his body tight and unyielding. \ldblquote You paid the First Debt. A\par
mark has to be made to acknowledge that fact.\rdblquote  His golden eyes landed on\par
mine and for the first time since I\rquote d asked him to kiss me, I didn\rquote t give into\par
a flutter or tingle. I\rquote d slipped too many times this morning. When he\rquote d\par
kissed me before, he\rquote d poured so much passion down my throat I couldn\rquote t\par
help but respond.\par
It made me hate myself.\par
I couldn\rquote t deny that I appreciated him beside me. He was my only\par
salvation against his father and younger brother. But I refused to let him\par
manipulate me.\par
He\rquote s Kite.\par
Liar.\par
Con artist.\par
Deceiver.\par
He swallowed hard, feeding off my refusal to give in to him. His\par
emotions were locked away, sparkling with snowflakes rather than desire.\par
But it didn\rquote t stop the lashing of awareness binding us together.\par
\ldblquote Choose, Ms. Weaver. Then we can leave,\rdblquote  Jethro said.\par
\ldblquote I\emdash\rdblquote\par
Cut let me go, moving to perch on the couch arm. He loomed above.\par
\ldblquote You have to select a place to wear the marks. In this decision, you have\par
full control. Each debt that you repay is recorded. On video, in the ledger,\par
and...on skin.\rdblquote\par
My heart plummeted into my feet. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
Cut snapped his fingers, ordering Daniel to produce whatever was in the\par
box. The carved wooden lid opened, revealing its treasure.\par
I leaned forward, trying to glimpse what was inside. My mouth hung\par
open at the glint of needles, vials of ink, and alcoholic wipes.\par
Oh, my God.\par
\ldblquote What\emdash\rdblquote  I swallowed. \ldblquote You can\rquote t mean\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro said, \ldblquote The tally is a tattoo. Permanent, and for all intent, nonerasable.\rdblquote  His black t-shirt and dark jeans made it seem as if he bristled\par
with bleak acceptance. \ldblquote After every debt, you earn a mark.\rdblquote\par
My stomach twisted. \ldblquote So, it\rquote s not enough to take pain from me in way\par
of debts\emdash you have to drill me with ink, too?\rdblquote\par
Cut replied, \ldblquote It isn\rquote t just you who has to wear the tally.\rdblquote  Pointing at\par
Jethro, he added, \ldblquote My son will wear the mark, too. And it\rquote s entirely up to\par
you where it goes on your body. But bear in mind that it will match on\par
Jethro. A mirror image. Like for like.\rdblquote\par
I shivered. \ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
Jethro leaned closer, granting comfort from a body that\rquote d been in mine.\par
\ldblquote Pick a place, Ms. Weaver. Just pick. I have things to do and want this\par
over.\rdblquote\par
His sudden temper left my mouth hanging open. Everything he was and\par
pretended to be filled me with rage. \ldblquote I hate you.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s jaw twitched. \ldblquote Doesn\rquote t change anything. Now...where do you\par
want it?\rdblquote\par
Daniel smirked, gathering the tattoo equipment and installing a small\par
cartridge of black ink into the hand-held gun. \ldblquote I suggest you pick, or I\rquote ll\par
just mark you where I think it would look best.\rdblquote  He rubbed his chin. \ldblquote Your\par
forehead, perhaps.\rdblquote\par
I sank into the couch, wanting to run from this madman. Kes smiled\par
softly, standing beside his moronic brother. \ldblquote It doesn\rquote t hurt, Nila.\rdblquote  He\par
pointed at his bird tattoo on his forearm. \ldblquote A few stings and then you get\par
used to it. But in your case, the mark will take a few minutes, instead of a\par
few hours.\rdblquote\par
I stared coldly in his direction. When he\rquote d hugged me before, I\rquote d had\par
the overpowering urge to push him away. To slap him. To scream at him to\par
drop the act and show the truth. If Jethro struggled to hide his true self, then\par
Kestrel was a genius at it.\par
I had no clue who he was.\par
The thought that any of these men were on my side or understood what\par
I faced was laughable after seeing my family\rquote s graves. I wanted nothing to\par
do with them.\par
Not anymore.\par
Instead of seducing Jethro to make him care enough to free me, I now\par
just wanted him dead. I could see the allure of martyrdom. If I had a bomb,\par
I would willingly strap it to my chest and press the trigger if it meant I\par
could take out these men when I died.\par
Kes lowered his voice. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen the scars on your back. I know the\par
pain you endured from the First Debt. If you can survive that\emdash you can\par
definitely survive this.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe. Not only had they taken everything, but now they\par
wanted to mark my body\emdash yet another reminder of my fate.\par
When I didn\rquote t respond, Kes tried again. \ldblquote You don\rquote t have to say\par
anything, just point to where you want the mark then you can go.\rdblquote\par
Go? Go where? Home? To the nearest black market and buy a bazooka\par
to destroy them?\par
Kes moved closer, crowding me so I had a Hawk in every direction. \ldblquote It\par
won\rquote t hurt. Much.\rdblquote\par
Jethro snapped.\par
Soaring upright, he shoved Kes away and snatched the Tally Box from\par
Daniel. \ldblquote You\rquote re fucking suffocating us. Give us some space, for Christ\rquote s\par
sake.\rdblquote\par
My heart twitched.\par
Jethro\rquote s temper was lethal, his position in the family high up the ranking\par
pole, but the passion underlying his command sounded suspiciously like\par
he\rquote d picked my side over them.\par
I should\rquote ve been overjoyed.\par
I should\rquote ve done everything in my power to thank Jethro and encourage\par
him to fall for me.\par
But I had nothing left but hate.\par
Kes chuckled. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, Jet. Just trying to make it easier on Nila.\rdblquote\par
He planted his hand on Jethro\rquote s shoulder, squeezing tight.\par
I expected Jethro to shrug him off and punch him. Instead, he relaxed\par
slightly, nodding as silent communication ran between the brothers.\par
What the hell does Kes know about Jethro? And how does he use it so\par
effortlessly to keep his brother calm?\par
Daniel stole my hand, running a sharp fingernail along the centre of my\par
palm. I jumped, gasping in pain and surprise. I yanked my hand back, trying\par
to dislodge the crazy creep.\par
No way did I want him infecting me.\par
A hand was the one part of a person\rquote s body that touched so much. The\par
first point of contact for new experiences. A five-fingered tool to get\par
through life.\par
\ldblquote Stop touching me.\rdblquote\par
Jethro slapped his brother\rquote s hand aside, allowing me to tuck my palm\par
between my legs.\par
Cut growled, \ldblquote Stop chitchatting and get it done. You have five seconds\par
to decide where the tally will go, Ms. Weaver. Otherwise, I shall decide for\par
you.\rdblquote\par
Jethro sucked in a harsh breath, watching me from the corner of his eye.\par
Your fingers.\par
What? I shook my head at the idea. It was a stupid place for a tattoo.\par
It makes sense.\par
My reasoning laid out my conclusion in crystal clarity.\par
I intend to use my hands to slaughter them in the future.\par
If my fingers wore their mark\emdash bore the signs of pain extracted at their\par
whim\emdash it was only fair that they extracted pain in return. My hands were\par
currently virgins in murder, but soon they would smother in their blood.\par
It\rquote s only fitting to wear their tally while I steal their lives.\par
My eyes fell on Jethro.\par
Even him?\par
I steeled my heart against whatever desire existed between us.\par
Even him.\par
Sitting straight, I announced, \ldblquote My fingertips.\rdblquote\par
Jethro scowled. \ldblquote Out of anywhere on your body, that\rquote s where you\rquote ve\par
chosen?\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  I spread my hands, silently cursing the shake in them.\par
\ldblquote One fingertip per debt.\rdblquote\par
I just hope there aren\rquote t more than ten to repay.\par
Daniel smirked again. \ldblquote Not a place I would\rquote ve chosen, but it does leave\par
your body open for more marks in the future.\rdblquote\par
I narrowed my eyes.\par
\ldblquote Put your hand on my leg, palm up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not touching you.\rdblquote\par
Lightning quick, Daniel snatched my wrist, twisted my arm until my\par
palm was as he requested, and slammed it against his thigh.\par
\ldblquote Keep it there,\rdblquote  he ordered.\par
My skin crawled. I went to pull away, but Cut said quietly, \ldblquote Do as\par
you\rquote re told, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Jethro sucked in air, his ire buffeting me. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t how tradition\par
states.\rdblquote  His head shot up to face his father. \ldblquote Cut, I should be the one\emdash\rdblquote\par
Cut\rquote s features blackened. \ldblquote There are a number of things you should be\par
doing, Jethro. Yet you don\rquote t do any of them. What makes you so eager to do\par
this one?\rdblquote\par
I looked between the men, all the while trying to forget my hand rested\par
on Daniel\rquote s thigh. Apprehension bubbled in my chest as he pressed a button\par
on the side of the tattoo gun. Immediately the machine hummed with life.\par
Vertigo swirled in my blood at the thought of being permanently\par
marked. I\rquote d never had a tattoo, nor did I want one.\par
Jethro leaned forward. \ldblquote This is my right.\rdblquote\par
His eyes met mine.\par
My tummy twisted.\par
My skin ached to be touched, to be kissed, to be bruised with lust.\par
Gritting my teeth, I shoved away those treasonous thoughts. I forced\par
myself to focus on my mother\rquote s tombstone. Instantly, every desire fizzled\par
into ash.\par
Daniel tore open an alcoholic wipe with his teeth, and swiped the\par
disinfectant across the tip of my finger, breaking our connection. He\par
grinned, holding up the buzzing gun. \ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cut!\rdblquote  Jethro growled.\par
I squeezed my eyes, biting my lip in preparation of the pain.\par
\ldblquote Stop.\rdblquote\par
My eyes tore open at Cut\rquote s angry command.\par
\ldblquote Enough, Daniel. Make Jethro do it. Can\rquote t break tradition, after all.\rdblquote\par
Daniel threw a disgusted look at his father. \ldblquote You were never going to let\par
me do it, were you?\rdblquote\par
Cut glowered at his youngest offspring. \ldblquote Watch what you say.\rdblquote\par
Jethro shifted to the edge of the couch. \ldblquote Give me the gun.\rdblquote\par
Daniel ignored him.\par
His father snapped, \ldblquote Daniel, give the gun to your brother.\rdblquote\par
A glaze of inhumanity and insanity flickered across his eyes. Without\par
permission, I stole my hand back, grateful it no longer had to touch his\par
horrible leg.\par
I\rquote m living in a madhouse.\par
Jethro snatched the gun. The vibrating equipment settled between his\par
fingers.\par
Twisting to face me on the couch, he raised an eyebrow, looking\par
between my hand and his leg.\par
Ugh.\par
Obediently, I placed my hand on Jethro the exact same way it\rquote d been on\par
Daniel. The moment I touched him, he sucked in a breath. I tried to ignore\par
the awareness snapping between us. I tried to fight the lashing heat.\par
I no longer wanted it\emdash not after yesterday.\par
But it seemed Jethro couldn\rquote t control it, either. He bowed over my hand,\par
unsuccessfully hiding the thickening hardness between his legs.\par
Licking his lips, he focused on my hand. His cool fingers imprisoned\par
my index\emdash the one without a Band Aid on from pricking myself while\par
measuring out material\emdash and pressed the tattoo gun against my skin.\par
Ouch.\par
I gasped, trying to control my flinch as the tiny teeth tore through my\par
skin, layering me with ink.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t move, unless you want a sloppy tattoo,\rdblquote  Jethro muttered. His\par
concentration level hummed along with the gun as it razored across the pad\par
of my finger. I tried to see what mark he drew but his head was in the way.\par
Kes was right, though.\par
The pain started sharp but swiftly faded to an intoxicating burn. And no\par
sooner had I relaxed into the metal teeth, it was over.\par
Five minutes was all it took.\par
The gun turned off and Jethro reclined, letting me steal my hand.\par
Nursing my new brand, I eyed up my fingertip. My flesh was slightly\par
swollen and red; a new black sigil glowed like sin.\par
\f2\lang1033 JKH\par
This time I couldn\rquote t stop my heart from tangling with my stomach.\par
He\rquote d marked me. Owned me. Controlled me.\par
\ldblquote Your initials?\rdblquote\par
Jethro pursed his lips. His eyes hooded, trying unsuccessfully to hide\par
what he truly wanted to know. If his text wasn\rquote t blatant enough, his initials\par
were a slap in the face with honesty.\par
His gaze shouted it.\par
Ask me.\par
Am I Kite?\par
I looked away, following the flourish of his old-fashioned handwriting.\par
He wanted me to admit it. To confirm what he\rquote d guessed. I had feelings for\par
Kite. Feelings that I thought were safe being given to a nameless stranger,\par
only to find out that nameless stranger was my nemesis who\rquote d charmed\par
both my body and heart.\par
The ink glowed black, forever etched into my skin. With evidence like\par
that, I no longer had to ask.\par
Jethro Kite Hawk.\par
I looked up through my eyelashes, transmitting a silent message of my\par
own.\par
I already know.\par
And I hate you for it.\par
He stiffened, understanding. \ldblquote Unless you ask, I won\rquote t say what the\par
letters stand for.\rdblquote\par
Secrets shadowed his eyes. Secrets his family weren\rquote t privy to but I\par
was. What did that mean? What did any of this mean?\par
Deciding this wasn\rquote t the time nor the place to discuss something that\par
would no doubt end in another fight, I tilted my head and played dumb\par
instead. Taunting Jethro was too rewarding to let it go. \ldblquote You want me to\par
ask? Fine. What does the K stand for?\rdblquote\par
Jethro frowned.\par
Kes chuckled. So far, he\rquote d honoured my request for him to keep my\par
knowledge a secret. Turned out he didn\rquote t need to keep it, after all.\par
\ldblquote Your turn.\rdblquote  Jethro deliberately avoided the question by handing me the\par
gun.\par
I took it, my mouth plopping wide. \ldblquote What do I do with this?\rdblquote\par
Jethro unfolded his hand and carefully rested his knuckles on my knee.\par
The submissive position of his hand and the gentleness in which he touched\par
me sent unwanted pinwheels sparking in my blood.\par
We both gasped at the contact. My vision went grey on the edges as I\par
fought the overwhelming urge to forget what I\rquote d seen yesterday and give in\par
to him. To trust in my original plan that I had the power to make him care.\par
To trust in my heart and permit it to enjoy this blistering lust.\par
Jethro\rquote s voice was low and full of gravel. \ldblquote You have to mark me in\par
return.\rdblquote\par
To brand him. Own him. Command him.\par
It would be a wish come true. Perhaps, if I tattooed him with my name,\par
I could cast a spell over him to become mine, not theirs. To use him once\par
and for all.\par
Cut jumped in. \ldblquote Each firstborn involved in the Debt Inheritance must\par
wear the tally. It\rquote s been that way for generations. I must say I\rquote m enjoying\par
watching Jethro be so obedient. I thought his unwillingness to be marked by\par
a Weaver would mean I\rquote d have to strap him down.\rdblquote\par
Jethro threw him a black look.\par
Waving at Jethro\rquote s awaiting hand, Cut added, \ldblquote Do it, Nila. Mark him\par
with your initials so even when you\rquote re no longer with us, he will remember\par
his time with you.\rdblquote\par
I blinked, unable to stop my heart from squeezing in pain.\par
No longer here.\par
When Jethro takes my life.\par
I wanted to hurl crude threatening insults but held my tongue. We would\par
see who would die by the end of this.\par
Bending over Jethro\rquote s fingers, the very same fingers that had been\par
inside me, I hexed the heat in my cheeks and twisting desire in my core.\par
Looking up, I caught Jethro\rquote s gaze. It glowed with need, mirroring\par
mine. How could I hate this man? Positively hate him for doing what he did\par
to my family, yet still want him so badly?\par
Bastard.\par
Even now, even in a room full of his flesh and blood amidst talk of\par
murder and debts, he still managed to invoke uncontrollable need from me.\par
I wanted to stab him with the tattoo gun, not mark him.\par
Taking a deep breath, I turned on the button and jumped at the powerful\par
vibration of the tool. \ldblquote How hard do I press?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just like a pen, Nila. There\rquote s no trick. Not for something as simple as\par
this,\rdblquote  Kes said. He hadn\rquote t stopped standing over us, watching everything,\par
saying nothing.\par
Brushing wayward hair from my eyes, I leaned further over Jethro\rquote s\par
fingers.\par
The second I pressed the jumping needle against his skin, he locked his\par
muscles. Instead of tensing against the pain though, I sensed he wanted\par
more. He swayed into me, his lungs inhaling deep. I shivered to think he\par
willingly breathed in my smell, imprinting not just my initials but my\par
essence, too.\par
Biting my lip, I drew on his flesh. My hand shook and sweat dampened\par
my palms. After ten minutes, I sat up and rubbed at the cramp in my lower\par
back.\par
His index finger held the same torture as mine.\par
JKH\par
\f0 Subtly, I glanced at my burning tattoo. First, Jethro had made me sign the\par
Sacramental Pledge, and then made me sign his body.\par
If we hadn\rquote t been bound by sin and debts and a lust that refused to be\par
denied, we were now. Locked, joined, and forever linked until one of us\par
died.\par
It was tragic to think I\rquote d gone my entire life never finding anyone who\par
interested me, only to find such chemistry with a man who I had to kill\par
before he killed me.\par
Jethro cradled his hand, glaring at the black ink imbedded in his\par
fingertip. He traced the pattern almost reverently. \ldblquote What\rquote s your middle\par
name?\rdblquote  he whispered. His question was too delicate and imploring for the\par
room full of violence and Hawks.\par
I wanted to slap him and show him how much he\rquote d slipped from the icy\par
son he was supposed to be.\par
He looked up, waiting for my answer.\par
My heart panged. It wasn\rquote t a middle name. It was more than that. I\par
missed the loving address that my father and brother called me. It was who\par
I was. Who I\rquote d been raised to be.\par
Threads.\par
\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t matter.\rdblquote\par
Turning off the gun, I placed it back in the box.\par
Cut clapped his hands. \ldblquote Perfect. I\rquote m so glad the formalities have been\par
completed.\rdblquote  Glaring at Jethro, he added, \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget next time, son.\rdblquote\par
Jethro scowled, climbing to his feet. \ldblquote Are we dismissed?\rdblquote\par
Dismissed? Not only was the word choice like an obedient child seeking\par
approval to leave his elders, but his voice sounded odd. Strained, gruff\f1\emdash an\par
explosive blend that seemed as if he\rquote d detonate at any moment.\par
\ldblquote Fine.\rdblquote\par
Without another word, Jethro stormed out, leaving me alone with Cut,\par
Daniel, and Kes.\par
What the hell?\par
I might not like him, but I was his. I needed him to protect me from his\par
bloody family.\par
Instantly, the atmosphere in the room changed. It rolled thick and heavy:\par
testosterone, possession, vileness. Why didn\rquote t I feel it as strongly when\par
Jethro was by my side? And why had he left in such a hurry without me?\par
Daniel took the opportunity of my stunned state to lean forward and\par
grab my hair. Whispering evilly in my ear, he said, \ldblquote The way you watch my\par
brother gives away your feelings, Ms. Weaver. I know you want to fuck\par
him. I know you\rquote re horny living in a house full of men as powerful as my\par
family. But you won\rquote t get to fuck him; not until we\rquote ve all had our fill. He\rquote s\par
the firstborn, but he\rquote ll be the last to stick his cock inside that sweet little\par
pussy of yours.\rdblquote\par
Wrong, you arsehole. He\rquote s the only one who will touch me that way.\par
I struggled, trying to pull away. Cut watched us, neither interfering nor\par
caring.\par
Daniel\rquote s tongue lashed out, licking around my earlobe. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen you\par
wandering around Hawksridge as if you own the place. Next time you\rquote re\par
out for a stroll, you might want to worry about who\rquote s waiting. Because\par
believe me\emdash I\rquote m not a patient guy. The minute you\rquote re alone and I find you\par
\emdash I\rquote m fucking you. I don\rquote t care about the rules.\rdblquote\par
Pulling back, he stood with a horrible smile on his face. \ldblquote Until then, Ms.\par
Weaver.\rdblquote  Tipping his head as if he had a top hat on his greasy black hair, he\par
smiled at his father and Kes then disappeared out the door.\par
Oh, my God.\par
My heart was a fluttering mess. I\rquote d been so stupid to believe I was\par
untouchable. Believing the airs and graces of Cut and timelines of tradition.\par
I supposed I was grateful to the little creep for opening my eyes. I\par
wasn\rquote t safe here\emdash from anyone, at any time.\par
I need a weapon.\par
I needed some way to protect myself from that psychopath.\par
Ask Jethro to protect you.\par
I shook my head. Jethro wasn\rquote t the one in charge. Not yet. And besides,\par
he was on my hit list as much as his family. I wasn\rquote t loyal to him. I could\par
never be loyal to someone who made me despise myself.\par
I stood up, hissing as my new tattoo flared. Summoning whatever\par
strength I had remaining, I glared at Cut and Kes. \ldblquote Tell Daniel if he comes\par
near me again, I\rquote ll make him bleed.\rdblquote\par
Without a backward glance, I left.\par
\par
A weapon.\par
Find a weapon.\par
I could run to the kitchen and steal a knife. Or I could head to the library\par
and swipe a sword hanging from the walls. Or, if I had any musket\par
understanding, I could commandeer a gun and hide it beneath my covers.\par
What I really needed, however, was something deadly but also\par
transportable. I never intended to be defenceless again. Not in these walls.\par
Dashing down the corridor, I plotted where I should go. Weapons\par
existed all over Hawksridge Hall. I hadn\rquote t bothered to pilfer one because\par
Jethro hadn\rquote t given me a reason to fight\emdash other than verbally. Daniel, on the\par
other hand, wouldn\rquote t touch me\emdash not without walking away missing a few\par
vital pieces of his anatomy.\par
The dining room would be my best hope at selecting something sharp\par
and small enough to hide on my person. I\rquote d seen a ruby-handled dirk there\par
last time. It would be perfect and easy to conceal.\par
A flash of blackness up ahead wrenched my attention from scheming. I\par
narrowed my eyes, moving faster to catch up with the blur that\rquote d\par
disappeared down the corridor.\par
Thanking the thick white carpet below my bare toes, I tiptoed the final\par
distance and peered down the hallway.\par
Jethro.\par
My heart rate picked up as he strode quickly and purposely, his hands\par
balled by his side.\par
My gaze fell on the hand where he now wore my initials.\par
I brought my finger up, inspecting his impressive cursive and arrogant\par
flourish of his name. Not only had we slept together, but we\rquote d stamped\par
ownership on each other, too.\par
Jethro stopped and knocked on a door. A moment later, he turned the\par
brass door handle and disappeared.\par
The second the door closed, I darted down the corridor and pressed my\par
ear against the ancient wood.\par
What are you doing?\par
I didn\rquote t know.\par
Eavesdropping never brought good news, but I refused to be in the dark\par
any longer. Where did he disappear to when he struggled? Who or what did\par
he run to when he slipped from ice to emotion?\par
A low murmur of voices came through the door.\par
I couldn\rquote t catch any words, but my heart raced at the sound.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t disappear to be on his own. He didn\rquote t run to Kestrel or a\par
Black Diamond brother.\par
Of course, it wasn\rquote t that simple.\par
No, he came here.\par
He visited a woman.\par
A woman who spoke with a softly whispered voice.\par
A woman who\rquote d lived all this time on the second floor of Hawksridge\par
Hall.\f0\lang9\par
Jethro.\par
\ldblquote WHAT ARE YOU doing in here, Kite?\rdblquote\par
I slouched.\par
My nickname. The term of endearment that I allowed no one but my\par
sister to use filled me with equal parts relief and annoyance. I should never\par
have used it to message Nila. Now its meaning intertwined with the debts. It\par
would never again just be a simple term of togetherness between Jaz and\par
me.\par
I\rquote d been so stupid to call myself after James Bond, too. Kite . What a\par
ridiculous name. It wasn\rquote t that I even liked James Bond. I just thought he\par
had cool gadgets and deserved his kickass status for always killing evil\par
bastards.\par
My fingertip burned with licking fire. My knuckles still tingled from\par
resting on Nila\rquote s thigh. So many times, I\rquote d had to brace myself so I didn\rquote t\par
flip my hand over and slide my touch between her legs.\par
I\rquote d been achingly hard the entire time I\rquote d tattooed her. I\rquote d wanted to see\par
if she was wet while repaying the favour. There was something primal\par
about knowing the woman who I\rquote d fucked, who intrigued me over all\par
others, was walking around wearing my brand.\par
A brand that marked her forever as mine.\par
Shit, perhaps I should\rquote ve taken care of myself before coming here. The\par
moment I let my thoughts drift to Nila, I grew hard again.\par
Jasmine smiled, waiting patiently like she always did for me to reply.\par
There was no judging, no annoyance. Only acceptance and quiet\par
companionship.\par
\ldblquote I had to come see you.\rdblquote\par
Every second that ticked past in the solar had dwindled my defences\par
until I had no reserves, no ice, no energy to fight against my family. The\par
instant the tally concluded, I ran. A pussy move, but the only one to keep\par
my sanity.\par
Jasmine shifted higher in her chair. She sat by the window, her\par
embroidery threads and cross-stitch pattern spread out on the window seat\par
where she had the most light to see.\par
Her rooms were the epitome of class. Dark grey walls with yellow\par
coloured upholstery and linen. Archangels and fluffy clouds painted the\par
ceiling while her floors drowned in multi-coloured rugs of different sizes\par
and designs.\par
This was her world.\par
This was the only place I felt safe to let down my guard.\par
Jaz patted the window seat, folding up her pattern chart and moving\par
aside some of the threads. \ldblquote Want to talk about it?\rdblquote\par
Did I? Did I want to admit the havoc Nila wreaked on me, or was it best\par
not to talk about it and hope the power she had disappeared?\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote Let me just hang here.\rdblquote\par
She smiled. \ldblquote No problem. I\rquote ll just continue doing what I\rquote m doing.\rdblquote\par
She knew me so well.\par
Her jaw-length black hair flicked at the ends in some fashionable\par
haircut she\rquote d recently adopted and her button nose and heart-shaped face\par
was too kind to be around my brothers. Jasmine Hawk looked exactly like\par
our mother. And only eleven months younger than me, she was practically\par
my twin.\par
I wouldn\rquote t admit it to Nila, but I understood her connection with her\par
brother. There was something to be said for finding a kindred soul in a\par
person who\rquote d been there right from the beginning.\par
I probably wouldn\rquote t have survived without Jasmine. I owed her\par
everything.\par
\ldblquote Relax, Kite. Let it go.\rdblquote  Her small hands smoothed down her pretty\par
woollen dress. She always looked immaculate in old-world fashions, which\par
was utterly depressing as she never stepped foot off the grounds.\par
I\rquote d tried many times to take her for a ride, on either Wings or my\par
motorbike, but she claimed she was perfectly content looking through a\par
window and watching others enjoy the world.\par
One of these days I would drag her out and show her how much she\par
missed by playing Rapunzel in her tower.\par
Picking up her cross-stitch, Jaz gave me one last smile and continued to\par
work on yet another masterpiece of our imposing monolithic home.\par
Considering she didn\rquote t fit the Hawk traits like me, she was extremely\par
patriotic to her heritage.\par
Threading her needle, she said, \ldblquote Rest, brother. I\rquote ll watch over you.\rdblquote\par
\par
I woke with a chill.\par
Gloomy dusk had replaced the grey morning. \ldblquote Damn, what time is it?\rdblquote  I\par
sat up, holding my head as a rush of nausea battered me. It was always the\par
same. The sickness at the end of a long day. Especially if I\rquote d been subjected\par
to my family for long periods of time.\par
Jasmine was still in her chair, her legs covered in a blanket she\rquote d\par
crocheted. Her fingers flew, drawing a needle with orange thread through\par
the hoop of her recent cross-stitch.\par
Not bothering to look up, she replied, \ldblquote You slept through dinner again.\par
But it\rquote s okay. I had the servants bring you up some cold cuts.\rdblquote  She\par
motioned toward the sideboard by her bed. Resting on the polished surface\par
was a silver dome covering a plate.\par
I sighed, running both hands through my hair. Chuckling softly, I said,\par
\ldblquote You know me too well.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes met mine. \ldblquote I know what you are but not who you\rquote re\par
becoming.\rdblquote\par
I froze.\par
It wasn\rquote t uncommon for Jasmine to state such poignant weighty things.\par
She was wise\f1\emdash an old soul. Someone who I leaned on far too much.\par
Knowing she had questions, I stood up wearily and went to retrieve the\par
meal. Returning to my place, I sighed. \ldblquote Am I supposed to understand that\par
or is it a helpful way to ruin my sleep tonight?\rdblquote\par
She giggled softly. \ldblquote I think you\rquote ve ruined your sleep by napping here all\par
afternoon.\rdblquote\par
Even though she watched me with impatience and expectation, I felt\par
nothing from her but love. Unconditional acceptance.\par
I sat back contentedly.\par
Finally, I could breathe again.\par
Nila tangled me into knots, drove flames through my icicle-ridden heart,\par
and forced me to confront parts of my personality I wished were dead. But\par
Jasmine...she soothed me. She granted me strength in her silence and a\par
place to heal in her adoration.\par
Pulling the silver cover off, I picked up a piece of honey-cured ham and\par
placed it into my mouth.\par
Jasmine reached for her glass of sour apple. She refused to drink\par
anything else\emdash water and sour apple quenchers\emdash that was it. \ldblquote So...you\par
ready to talk yet?\rdblquote\par
I ignored her, placing another piece of ham on my tongue.\par
She huffed, wrapping her tiny hands around her glass. Her fingers were\par
almost as delicate as Nila\rquote s. They were both proficient at needlepoint and of\par
similar build. Everything inside knew they\rquote d probably get along.\par
But I wanted to keep the two women of my life separate. I had my\par
reasons.\par
Nila couldn\rquote t know who I truly was and I wouldn\rquote t be able to keep my\par
secrets if she met Jasmine.\par
Jasmine knew the truth. The whole truth. The truth that could\par
potentially cut my lifespan into pieces and steal my inheritance on the eve\par
of it becoming mine.\par
My phone buzzed in my pocket. Pulling it free, I scowled at the screen.\par
The alert on keywords surrounding my family and the Weavers flashed with\par
new information.\par
My blood boiled at the latest leak online about our private affairs. I\rquote d\par
been watching him, just waiting for him to do something stupid.\par
That little shit-stirrer has gone too far this time.\par
\ldblquote I have to make a call.\rdblquote\par
Jasmine shrugged. \ldblquote I don\rquote t mind. Do what you need to do.\rdblquote\par
Gritting my teeth, I dialled the number and placed the phone against my\par
ear. I did my best not to crush the device in my fingers. I was angry.\par
Fucking pissed. If I had time to drive to London and tell him in person, I\par
would. Only, I would invariably end up using my fists\emdash not my voice.\par
\ldblquote Hello?\rdblquote\par
My heart thundered viciously.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Vaughn.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Uh, hi...who\rquote s this?\rdblquote\par
I laughed coldly. \ldblquote As if you don\rquote t know who this is. Listen, whatever\par
you\rquote re doing, stop it. This is the only friendly warning you\rquote ll get. She\rquote s ours\par
now. Not yours. And you can\rquote t win against us so don\rquote t even fucking try. Got\par
it?\rdblquote\par
Deafening silence came down the line.\par
\ldblquote Last warning, Mr. Weaver. Tell the press to mind their own business\par
and put a gag on whatever bullshit you\rquote re spreading.\rdblquote\par
Harsh breathing filled my ear. \ldblquote Listen here, you arsewipe. Nila is my\par
sister. I love her more than fucking anything, and I will get her back. She\rquote s\par
not happy with you. If you think I\rquote m going to sit back and let her be\par
subjected to you maniacs, you\rquote re completely fucking nuts. Soon, everyone\par
will know what you\rquote ve done. Soon, every law enforcer and newspaper will\par
understand how sick and twisted you are. And then you\rquote ll be ruined, and we\par
will have won. Go suck on that, fuckface. Don\rquote t call me again.\rdblquote\par
He hung up.\par
I threw my phone across the room.\par
\ldblquote Shit!\rdblquote\par
Not only did I have to deal with my own fucking weaknesses, but now I\par
had to find a way to stop Nila\rquote s brother from destroying everything, too.\par
Christ, this day couldn\rquote t get any worse.\par
Jasmine looked at my phone as it bounced against the wall. \ldblquote Well...I\rquote m\par
guessing that didn\rquote t go as you wanted.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s determined to kill himself.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And take both our families\rquote  reputations down with him.\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote Exactly. He has to be stopped.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t relish the thought of killing Nila\rquote s brother, but what else could I\par
do? He couldn\rquote t be permitted to steal what was mine. He couldn\rquote t ruin what\par
I\rquote d found. And he definitely couldn\rquote t take the one thing that I needed to\par
make it to my thirtieth birthday.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be too hard on him. We took his mother and his sister. He\rquote s\par
allowed to be\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He thinks having a dead mother grants him compensation?\rdblquote\par
Jasmine\rquote s face fell. \ldblquote No, of course not. Just like we don\rquote t expect\par
anything after what happened to ours.\rdblquote\par
Colossal pain howled in my chest. Memories of a woman who looked\par
so like Jasmine filled my mind. I never let myself think about her because\par
that one incident had scarred me for life. It didn\rquote t make me who I was, but it\par
had taught me death and pain and horror\emdash things I\rquote d never be free of. \par
\ldblquote Kite...\rdblquote\par
I swallowed my agonising memories, glaring at my sister. \ldblquote I know, Jaz.\par
We agreed not to bring up that day.\rdblquote\par
She nodded. \ldblquote You came in here to find peace, yet you brought anger and\par
pain instead. Let it go.\rdblquote\par
I sighed, hanging my head in my hands. \ldblquote I\rquote m trying. Just...give me\par
some space.\rdblquote\par
She shook her head. \ldblquote If you wanted space, you would\rquote ve taken Wings\par
for a ride. Don\rquote t bullshit me. It\rquote s getting worse for you, isn\rquote t it? All of\par
this...it\rquote s too much.\rdblquote  She put her empty glass down, leaning forward in her\par
chair. Her cherub cheeks were flushed from the roaring fire that a servant\par
had set in the white marble fireplace. \ldblquote You slept with her, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
I choked. \ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
She reclined, shoving aside all thoughts of our mother and focusing\par
once again on my damn issues. \ldblquote You heard me.\rdblquote  Waving a hand in my\par
direction, she added, \ldblquote You\rquote re the worst I\rquote ve seen you since you were\par
fifteen. You\rquote re stressed and angry. You\rquote re hurting.\rdblquote  Her voice softened with\par
worry. \ldblquote It\rquote s been a long time, Jethro, and I hate to see you in pain. But I\par
think...I think you finally need to learn to control it, rather than bury it. It\rquote s\par
not helping anymore.\rdblquote\par
My heart thumped in horror at the thought of being denied freedom\par
from the horrendous disease I battled. If Jasmine couldn\rquote t grant a reprieve,\par
how could I get through the next ten months and finally take my place as\par
heir?\par
It\rquote s so fucking close. I\rquote ll make it. I have to make it.\par
\ldblquote You know that isn\rquote t possible, Jaz.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t have a choice. It\rquote s eating you alive, and unless you face it,\par
you\rquote re going to massacre your feet or lose your mind. Either way, both\par
aren\rquote t healthy and both will only bring disaster.\rdblquote\par
I shoved away the food, no longer hungry. \ldblquote Then what the fuck do you\par
propose I do?\rdblquote\par
Jasmine narrowed her eyes, conclusions and solutions already formed in\par
her gaze. She looked at me as if all of this had an answer. Which it didn\rquote t.\par
After a moment, she murmured, \ldblquote Use her.\rdblquote\par
I froze. Blood roared in my veins. \ldblquote You know I can\rquote t do that. I\rquote m\par
risking everything by letting her get this close to me.\rdblquote  I bent forward,\par
resting my head in my hands. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what the hell I\rquote m doing\par
anymore.\rdblquote\par
I had too much on my shoulders. Worrying about what Vaughn was\par
doing. Fearing what my father would do. Stressing about my feelings for\par
Nila.\par
I\rquote m done. Literally about to fucking snap.\par
Jaz ignored me, diverting my thoughts back to her original statement.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll have to. If you\rquote ve let her in enough to sleep with her\emdash\rdblquote\par
My head shot up. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t sleep with her.\rdblquote\par
Jaz raised an eyebrow, pursing her lips. \ldblquote Oh, really? You forget I can\par
see through your lies.\rdblquote\par
My forehead furrowed. \ldblquote I fucked her, but I didn\rquote t sleep with her.\rdblquote\par
Even as I said it, my subconscious screamed the truth.\par
If I had fucked her, I wouldn\rquote t have let her affect me. It would\rquote ve been\par
purely physical and nothing more. She wouldn\rquote t have this hold over me\emdash\par
this damn fucking power.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re lying, Kite.\rdblquote  Jasmine sighed, running a hand through her glossy\par
hair. \ldblquote And until you fess up and see that you\rquote re the one ruining the only\par
thing that might work for you, I can\rquote t help you.\rdblquote\par
My blood ran cold. \ldblquote What do you expect me to do? She\rquote s a Weaver!\rdblquote\par
She didn\rquote t flinch at my outburst\emdash completely used to me. \ldblquote Doesn\rquote t\par
matter. If you have to use her to cure yourself and realise you can be who\par
you are, even after a lifetime of being told you can\rquote t, then do it.\rdblquote\par
Goosebumps broke out over my skin. \ldblquote What are you saying?\rdblquote\par
She stiffened, looking a lot older than her twenty-eight years. \ldblquote I\rquote m\par
saying you need to find another way. If you don\rquote t, you won\rquote t survive, and I\par
refuse to live in this family without you.\rdblquote  Reaching forward, she took my\par
hand, linking our fingers together. \ldblquote In another few months all of this will be\par
yours, Jethro. Don\rquote t let her destroy you\emdash not when you\rquote re so close.\rdblquote\par
I squeezed her hand, wishing it were that easy. \ldblquote I can\rquote t let her in.\rdblquote\par
Jaz smiled. \ldblquote You don\rquote t have to. Make her fall in love with you. Do\par
whatever it takes for her to ignore the reality of her circumstances and fall\par
head over heels for you. Then deal with her brother and make peace with\par
who you are.\par
\ldblquote Only then will you find your salvation.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
MONDAY MORNING.\par
I stood in the shower, letting warm water cascade over me.\par
The past few days had disappeared with no event and the weekend was\par
a distant memory. Not that I had any reason to hate Mondays anymore. I\par
had no deadlines, no runway shows to organise, or orders to fill. My new\par
life was a constant holiday, interspersed with fabric sorting and designing\par
that was a passion rather than a chore. Yet I couldn\rquote t stop my body from\par
waking up and hurling me into work mode at dawn. I\rquote d never been able to\par
sleep past sunrise\f1\emdash a curse that Vaughn didn\rquote t share. He was a night owl\par
where I was the morning starling.\par
Leaning my head back, I opened my mouth and welcomed water to trail\par
over my lips and across my tongue. It felt good. Almost as warm as Jethro\rquote s\par
tongue when he kissed me.\par
Ever since tattooing each other, everything turned me on. My bra\par
rubbed against my nipples. My knickers whispered across my clit. I ached\par
with the need to release but had no idea how to give myself an orgasm. I\par
needed to come, but there was no way I would sleep with Jethro again.\par
I couldn\rquote t. It was too dangerous.\par
My finger, with its glowing JKH, had scabbed and healed enough for\par
me to bear the itch as my skin acquainted itself with the foreign ink.\par
What does he think of his tattoo?\par
After sneaking down the corridor and watching him disappear, I\rquote d\par
battled every night with the need to return to the unknown floor to\par
investigate the unknown room and interrogate the unknown woman.\par
He\rquote d gone into her room but didn\rquote t come out.\par
I hadn\rquote t waited long\emdash I couldn\rquote t. After all, cameras watched my every\par
move. But I needed to find answers, and I had a horrible feeling that\par
everything I needed to know was in that boudoir on the second floor.\par
Just thinking of Jethro sent a spasm of desire through my core.\par
Dammit, what\rquote s happening to me?\par
A daydream of Jethro slamming to his knees before me and wrenching\par
my legs wide stole my mind. It was so vivid, so real\emdash a trickle of need ran\par
down my inner thigh. I gasped as I imagined his tongue lapping at my clit,\par
his long fingers disappearing inside me\emdash the same finger that I\rquote d tattooed\par
with my name.\par
Would I come harder knowing he touched me with a finger branded by\par
me? Or would I hold on as tight as I could and make him work for it?\par
Oh, God.\par
I needed to get rid of this satanic desire. I needed to be free.\par
My eyes opened, latching onto the detachable showerhead.\par
I could do it myself...\par
My heartbeat whizzed with need. I couldn\rquote t fight the churning demand\par
any longer.\par
Reaching upward, I unhooked the showerhead and turned the water\par
temperature down so as not to burn myself.\par
Feeling awkward and ridiculous and a hundred times guilty for what I\par
was about to do, I braced my back on the tiled wall and spread my legs a\par
little. \par
My teeth clamped on my bottom lip as the water pressure tickled my\par
clit.\par
Oh. My. God.\par
My eyes rolled back as I grew bolder and pressed the stream of\par
heavenly water harder against my pussy.\par
Water cascaded down my legs while my torso shivered from sudden\par
cold. My nipples stiffened as I wickedly angled the jet down and down until\par
water shot inside me. Every jet and bubble aroused sensitive flesh, sending\par
my muscles clenching in joy.\par
I moaned.\par
Loudly.\par
My legs trembled as my neck flopped forward and I gave myself over to\par
the exquisite pleasure conjured by an innocuous showerhead.\par
Starbursts flashed behind my eyelids; Jethro loomed into my mind. I\par
pictured him shrugging out of his black shirt, prowling toward me while\par
unbuckling his belt and unzipping his trousers. I moaned again as my\par
daydream shed his clothing and stood proud and naked before me. He\par
grabbed his cock, pumping himself hard and firm, while his eyes feasted on\par
what I was doing. He didn\rquote t say a word, only watched, then crooked his\par
finger and beckoned me closer.\par
My heartbeat exceeded recommended limits as I forced myself higher\par
and higher, locking my knees against buckling as an orgasm brewed into\par
being. I rocked the showerhead, biting my lip as the pressure spurted over\par
my clit and then inside me. The rhythm I set was exactly like fucking and I\par
daren\rquote t overthink how I looked or how depraved I felt getting off this way.\par
My daydream forced its way past my misgivings. My forehead\par
furrowed as I trembled, both welcoming and fighting an orgasm.\par
Daydream Jethro crept closer, working his cock, a dangerous glint in his\par
eyes. The moment I was within grabbing distance, he captured my waist. \ldblquote I\par
need to be inside you, Nila.\rdblquote  I put words into Jethro\rquote s mouth, but it was his\par
voice I heard in my heart.\par
I moaned again, angling the showerhead harder against my clit.\par
\ldblquote How do you want it?\rdblquote  my fantasy whispered in my ear as he spun me\par
around and pressed me hard against the wall.\par
I swallowed hard, answering in my mind. \ldblquote Fast and...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Filthy?\rdblquote  Daydream Jethro\rquote s nose nuzzled the back of my ear, sending\par
shockwaves down my spine. \ldblquote I can fuck you filthy.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t speak. But I didn\rquote t have to. My fantasy knew exactly how I\par
needed it. Jethro bit the back of my shoulder, spreading my legs wider with\par
his.\par
\ldblquote Fuck me, Jethro Hawk,\rdblquote  I whispered.\par
\ldblquote Oh, I will. Believe me, I will.\rdblquote  Without further warning, he dug his\par
fingers into my hips and slammed inside me.\par
My fingers went numb as I slid the showerhead from clit to entrance. I\par
cried out as water shot inside at the same time as Jethro thrust into me from\par
behind, sliding deep and fast, stretching me deliciously painfully.\par
My heart exploded with bliss. An orgasm squeezed every atom, getting\par
ready to hurl me into the stratosphere.\par
Jethro thrust again and I rode my new friend the showerhead.\par
\ldblquote Oh, God. Yes,\rdblquote  I hissed, rocking harder. \ldblquote Yes, yes...\rdblquote\par
A masculine cough sounded. \ldblquote You continue to surprise me, Ms.\par
Weaver; at least this time, I rather enjoy it.\rdblquote\par
Everything crashed into awareness. My daydream shattered, fracturing\par
by my feet like broken glass. I squealed and dropped the showerhead. It\par
turned into a water snake, spewing water left and right, wriggling like some\par
terrible demon.\par
Jethro snickered. \ldblquote You\rquote re using up the entire Hall\rquote s supply of hot water.\par
Are you planning on saving some for the rest of the inhabitants of my\par
home?\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t. I can\rquote t. The horror. The shame!\par
\ldblquote What the hell are you doing in here!?\rdblquote  Embarrassment painted my\par
cheeks. I wished I could curl into a ball and die. With trembling arms, I\par
tried my best to hide my decency. Slapping one arm across my chest, I\par
positioned a hand between my legs, exceedingly careful not to touch my\par
throbbing pussy.\par
So close!\par
I was so close to coming.\par
So close, in fact, I wanted to scream.\par
One more stroke and I would\rquote ve found peace. Now I was even worse\emdash\par
vibrating with tightly strung desire, fogging my every thought.\par
The showerhead continued to hiss and spurt by my feet, slipping me\par
further into disgraced hell.\par
This can\rquote t be happening. Please don\rquote t let this be happening.\par
Jethro leaned against the doorjamb, his arms crossed, and a smile on his\par
lips. \ldblquote Don\rquote t stop on my account.\rdblquote  He waved at my flushed skin. \ldblquote By all\par
means, finish. I can wait.\rdblquote\par
My daydream interlinked with reality and all I could think about was\par
pulling Jethro fully clothed into the shower and impaling myself on his\par
cock. I wanted him so damn bad. I wanted to be ridden, taken filthy and\par
wrong.\par
My head throbbed as mental images of slippery bodies granting\par
pleasure invaded my normally rational mind.\par
Jethro laughed quietly. \ldblquote You look in pain, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  He lowered his\par
head so he watched me beneath hooded eyes. \ldblquote Do you need help?\rdblquote\par
I almost moaned at the thought of him filling me, fucking me. \ldblquote I\emdash\rdblquote  Yes,\par
I need help. Get in here and take me. Fix me so I can get over my horrible\par
infatuation with you.\par
I shook my head.\par
Dammit, Nila. Get a grip!\par
Jethro\rquote s jaw tightened; joviality disappeared, replaced with thick, thick\par
lust.\par
My nipples turned from pebbles to diamonds, so hard I swear they\par
would slice anything that touched them. I couldn\rquote t move as he continued to\par
drink me in. With every second that ticked past, the air changed until the\par
steam around us shimmered with barely veiled hunger.\par
Jethro\rquote s gaze drifted down my front. \ldblquote Fuck,\rdblquote  he breathed.\par
I almost puddled to the floor. I didn\rquote t trust myself to say anything\emdash not\par
one word. I\rquote d betray everything I\rquote d promised myself over the past few days.\par
I would crash to my knees and beg him to put me out of my misery.\par
I would never be able to live with myself again.\par
We stayed silent, devouring each other but making no move to deal with\par
what we wanted. My eyes fell to his trousers and his straining erection. It\par
was so proud, so big.\par
Wait. He\rquote s wearing jodhpurs.\par
I blinked, trying to make sense in my sex-hazed brain. \ldblquote Are\emdash are you\par
going somewhere?\rdblquote\par
My voice snapped him out of whatever fantasy he\rquote d been having. My\par
scalp tickled as his golden eyes radiated intensity. \ldblquote Yes. You\rquote re coming,\par
too.\rdblquote\par
My eyes snapped closed.\par
Coming.\par
Yes, I\rquote d love to.\par
He laughed softly. \ldblquote Perhaps the wrong choice of words.\rdblquote  In a rustle of\par
clothing, he pushed off from the doorjamb. \ldblquote Or the right ones, depending\par
on how the next few minutes go.\rdblquote\par
A full body clench tore a small pant from my lips.\par
My eyes flew wide as he grabbed a fluffy towel and stalked toward me.\par
I pressed myself harder against the tiles. Shaking my head, I squeaked,\par
\ldblquote Stay there. Don\rquote t\emdash don\rquote t come any closer.\rdblquote\par
His face darkened; a flash of temper etched his features. \ldblquote It\rquote s not like I\par
haven\rquote t seen what you\rquote re hiding, Ms. Weaver. Or are you forgetting that\par
I\rquote ve stuck my tongue in your cunt and driven my cock deep inside? I\rquote ve\par
tasted you. Ridden you. Made you moan.\rdblquote\par
Shit.\par
My core spasmed, greedily latching onto his words\emdash seeking the final\par
push for the orgasm living in my blood. It would be so simple to let go. To\par
tell him what I truly wanted and to hell with the rest of it.\par
They\rquote re rotting up there while you fuck the oldest son.\par
Common-sense threw freezing water onto my overheated libido. With\par
all the power I possessed, I ordered myself to ignore the tantalizing release\par
and step back into the real world.\par
Seemed Jethro had come to the same conclusion as the aching\par
awareness between us solidified into obligation. \ldblquote Get dressed. We\rquote re late.\rdblquote\par
Swallowing hard and cursing my heavy body, I asked, \ldblquote Late for what?\rdblquote\par
With an unsteady hand, he held out the towel. He had the willpower of a\par
saint or perhaps he was just as crazy as I feared because he didn\rquote t move to\par
touch me.\par
Damn him.\par
His eyes narrowed as his fingers tightened around the towel. \ldblquote Polo.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Polo?\rdblquote  Images of men on horses whacking a ball around a field gave\par
me something else to focus on.\par
\ldblquote But...it\rquote s Monday.\rdblquote\par
Jethro cocked his head, chuckling under his breath. \ldblquote You think the day\par
of the week influences the crowd who play with us?\rdblquote  He shook his head. \ldblquote If\par
you hadn\rquote t have told me it was Monday, I wouldn\rquote t have known. Work days\par
and weekends mean nothing when everyone obeys our schedule.\rdblquote\par
He\rquote s so damn arrogant.\par
Why do I find that so hot?\par
His eyes fell to my wet body. \ldblquote Drop your hands.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Obey me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
Because you\rquote ll end my anguish and give me what I need?\par
\ldblquote Do it, Ms. Weaver. I won\rquote t ask again.\rdblquote\par
My tummy twisted. \ldblquote Just because you\rquote ve seen me doesn\rquote t mean you\par
have the right to see me again.\rdblquote\par
He pursed his lips. \ldblquote I can see and touch and do whatever the hell I want\par
to you whenever I want.\rdblquote\par
Temper slowly overrode my lust. I stood taller, glowering at him.\par
Fine.\par
He was back to being an arsehole. I could be a bitch.\par
Dropping my hands, I stood proud and defiant. I ignored the hissing\par
showerhead and dared him to say something cruel. \ldblquote Go on, look.\rdblquote  I spread\par
my arms, twirling in place. \ldblquote Seeing as you control my fate, I might as well\par
walk around naked so you can always drink your fill.\rdblquote\par
He growled, \ldblquote Knock it off.\rdblquote\par
Snatching the towel from him and throwing it to the floor, I snarled,\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What the fuck got into you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What got into me? How about seeing proof of what my future holds.\rdblquote\par
God, I didn\rquote t mean to bring that up again. But if I wasn\rquote t thinking of sex\par
with my mortal enemy, I was plotting ways to switch coffins from Weavers\par
to Hawks.\par
\ldblquote You knew that\rquote s what would happen.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Knowing and seeing are entirely different things.\rdblquote\par
Jethro pinched the bridge of his nose, digging the tips of his fingers into\par
his eyes as if seeking release from the rapidly building pressure in the room.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re driving me mad.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote At least you finally admit it.\rdblquote\par
His head whipped up.\par
I froze. Shit, I\rquote d gone too far. Again.\par
\ldblquote What did you just say?\rdblquote\par
The spurting showerhead faded; the rapid thump-thump of my heartbeat\par
faded. Everything faded as I focused on Jethro\rquote s golden eyes\emdash but more\par
than that\emdash I focused on his soul. The ragged, tattered soul that looked so\par
completely lost.\par
Something inside him scared me to death but also called for help. I\par
backed away\emdash or rather, I tried to morph into the tiled wall behind me. \par
He glared, then...stepped into the shower.\par
Water instantly splattered his grey t-shirt and black jodhpurs as he stood\par
over the wriggling water demon. His eyelashes sparkled with droplets as he\par
coldly looked me up and down.\par
His hand came up. His lips twisted. A flash of violence danced across\par
his features.\par
I did two things at once.\par
I cowered and suffered a vertigo wave.\par
Sickness slammed into me as I raised my arm above my head in\par
defence. \ldblquote Don\rquote t hit me!\rdblquote  The room spun and I stumbled against the tiles,\par
desperately trying to grasp something to keep me upright.\par
My vision shot black and I flinched as harsh fingers captured my\par
elbows, giving me an anchor just like Vaughn used to do so many times\par
when we were children. The moment I had a sanctuary, the vertigo left me,\par
depositing me firmly in Jethro\rquote s hold.\par
His eyes blazed with fury. \ldblquote You couldn\rquote t hurt me any more than you just\par
did, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Why?\par
It\rquote s because you jumped to conclusions.\par
When I first arrived at Hawksridge, I would\rquote ve been completely\par
justified to cower and protect myself, but only because I didn\rquote t know who\par
Jethro was. Now, I saw what he hid and violence was just a tool to him. A\par
tool he didn\rquote t like to use. A tool he\rquote d been made to wield all his life. But\par
beneath his ferocity was pain. Deep, deep pain that spoke of a man far too\par
immersed in this farce.\par
He won\rquote t hit me.\par
Not now. Not after what we\rquote d shared\emdash even after I\rquote d tried to push him\par
away, we were still intrinsically linked. He\rquote d proven that when he\rquote d\par
remained on my side in the solar.\par
Shit, this is too messed up.\par
Blinking away the residual sickness, I tried to change the subject. \ldblquote Stop\par
using my last name.\rdblquote\par
He didn\rquote t reply, his face unreadable.\par
Something shadowed his gaze. Was it regret or annoyance? I couldn\rquote t\par
tell. My heart lurched regardless. Sighing, I faced the true issue, hoping to\par
grant him peace. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry if I hurt you. I didn\rquote t mean to.\rdblquote\par
He let me go. \ldblquote You thought I was going to hit you. Your fear...your\par
loathing\emdash you can\rquote t hide the truth. One flinch and you proved what you\par
thought of me. I\rquote m a fucking idiot to believe there was anything more\par
between us.\rdblquote\par
Terror erupted in my stomach. Pushing him away was one thing. But\par
having him push me away was entirely another.\par
Wait...fear and loathing?\par
He spoke as if he felt what I did. There was no way he could correctly\par
feel my horror at what\rquote d happened.\par
Glaring, I said, \ldblquote What was I supposed to think? You raised your hand\par
and expect me not to protect myself? You\rquote ve told me time and time again to\par
fear you.\rdblquote  I should stop, but I couldn\rquote t contain the fire inside. \ldblquote You should\par
be happy you got your wish.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s jaw clenched. He stood so still, so regal, completely oblivious\par
to the spurting showerhead by his feet. \ldblquote I\rquote m not happy with any of this,\par
least of all you trying to provoke me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not trying to provoke you.\rdblquote\par
He snorted. \ldblquote Now who\rquote s the liar, Ms. Weaver? First you lie about the\par
reasons why you slept with me, and now this.\rdblquote  His lips twisted. \ldblquote I\rquote m\par
beginning to think you are as lost as\emdash\rdblquote\par
His eyes flared, cutting himself off.\par
The words dangled between us. I throbbed to speak them. To see his\par
reaction.\par
...as lost as me...\par
I was defiant and righteous, but I wasn\rquote t cruel. Holding my tongue, I let\par
the moment pass.\par
Jethro visibly shuddered, holding up his finger. My eyes fell to his\par
perfectly formed digit and my core clenched thinking of him pushing it\par
inside me and granting me a release.\par
He sighed. \ldblquote I came here, not to watch you pleasure yourself or to\par
summon you to get ready, but because I wanted to show you something.\rdblquote\par
My attention flickered between his raised finger and his glowing eyes.\par
\ldblquote Show me what?\rdblquote\par
He sighed. \ldblquote It\rquote s your initials that I bear. Your mark. Your brand. I may\par
be born a Hawk, but I\rquote ve been captured by a Weaver.\rdblquote\par
My heart exploded.\par
Jethro leaned closer, pressing his mouth against my damp ear. \ldblquote You\par
sewed a cage. You somehow managed to fabricate a web that I only seem to\par
fall deeper into. And this mark is proof of that.\rdblquote\par
My chest rose and fell. Was this a proclamation of his feelings for me?\par
It was too strange, too forward for Jethro.\par
Slowly, I wrapped my fingers around his raised one, running my thumb\par
over the tattoo. \ldblquote Proof of what?\rdblquote\par
Jethro closed his eyes briefly before murmuring, \ldblquote Proof that no matter\par
what happened on the moor, and no matter the grief you feel at my family\rquote s\par
treatment of you, we are in this together.\rdblquote\par
Breaking my hold on him, he bent and gathered the showerhead from\par
the floor. His hair tickled my lower belly, his mouth so close to my core.\par
Standing straight, Jethro placed the showerhead back in its cradle and\par
together we stood under a stream of droplets, drenching both of us and\par
thawing out my frozen muscles.\par
Without a word, he reached for the tap and turned the water off.\par
Silence.\par
We didn\rquote t move, dripping wet in a billow of steam. I was naked while\par
Jethro\rquote s powerful form beckoned me closer. His clothes clung to his body in\par
ways that were utterly illegal. His cock was rock hard, his stomach etching\par
his t-shirt with ridges and valleys of muscle.\par
I swallowed as my need to come bombarded me.\par
My eyes drifted down his front to the hard length in his jodhpurs. \ldblquote You\par
can\rquote t keep playing games, Jethro.\rdblquote\par
He ran a hand through his damp hair. \ldblquote Where is the game or joke in any\par
of this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There isn\rquote t any.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, there isn\rquote t.\rdblquote  Grabbing my hand, he pressed his fingertip against my\par
own newly inked one. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t a game\emdash not anymore. The debts bind us\par
together as long as we\rquote re alive. You\rquote re mine and I told you before not to\par
throw away that gift before knowing what it means.\rdblquote\par
My heartbeat lived in my blood, stealing strength from my knees,\par
making me wobbly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to belong to you.\rdblquote\par
He shook his head, a few renegade droplets sliding down the locks of\par
salt and pepper hair. His forearms were wide and powerful as he moved to\par
cup my cheek. \ldblquote It\rquote s too late for that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s never too late for the truth.\rdblquote\par
Bowing his head, he pressed his forehead against mine. \ldblquote You\rquote re right.\par
It\rquote s never too late for the truth.\rdblquote\par
The way he said it sent my soul scattering for the nearest exit. What is\par
he hiding from me? \ldblquote If you say I belong to you, then, by rights, your secrets\par
belong to me. They\rquote d be safe with me.\rdblquote\par
He sucked in a breath, his eyes trained on my lips. \ldblquote I know what you\rquote re\par
asking.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What am I asking?\rdblquote\par
He smiled sadly. \ldblquote You want to know why I am the way I am. You want\par
to know where I disappear to when I need space and you want to know how\par
to use my weakness for you against my family.\rdblquote\par
Yes. I also want to understand why I feel this way. Why, when faced with\par
the graves of my ancestors, do I so quickly forget and seek what I cannot\par
find?\par
His fingers tightened against my cheek, holding me steadfast. His head\par
tilted, bringing his lips within a feather-frond distance from mine.\par
My mouth tingled, sparking for contact. The anticipation raised my\par
blood until I needed a cold shower instead of hot.\par
\ldblquote Pity for you, I plan on keeping my secrets.\rdblquote  His minty breath washed\par
over me, grabbing me by the soul and tearing me into smithereens.\par
\ldblquote Why? What\rquote s so terrible that you have to hide who you truly are?\rdblquote\par
He swallowed, closing the final distance between us and pressing me\par
against the wall. \ldblquote Quiet.\rdblquote\par
I gasped as his lips suddenly sealed over mine.\par
The moment we touched, everything ignited.\par
The rage I\rquote d nursed waned. My loathing and bitterness abandoned me.\par
Even the images of epitaphs and graves couldn\rquote t stop me from betraying my\par
family.\par
I wanted to drop my walls and bare everything. I wanted to forget about\par
the past month, and pretend he was a simple boy with a simple offer. I\par
wanted to believe he would save me and not ultimately kill me.\par
He groaned as I threw myself into the kiss, moulding my body along\par
his.\par
I was already in hell. I couldn\rquote t fall any further. Might as well give up,\par
give in, and just admit defeat.\par
Every dark facet of who I was, every spark and knowledge that made\par
me human, wanted to be seen and understood. I wanted him to see me as his\par
\emdash not because I was a pawn in a game I didn\rquote t understand\emdash but because I\par
was a woman who he couldn\rquote t live without.\par
His delicious form pinned me harder against the tiles. His tongue broke\par
the seal of my lips, diving in as if he had perfect right to be there.\par
And he does.\par
Over everyone, my body had chosen him.\par
Just your body?\par
I couldn\rquote t admit my soul might\rquote ve chosen him, too.\par
Despite everything, I couldn\rquote t win against the truth.\par
As our tongues danced, my mind skittered from the present to a memory\par
I never knew was there.\par
\ldblquote Nila, this is Jethro.\rdblquote\par
I blinked through my bangs at the tall skinny boy who looked so dapper\par
in a three-piece suit. I found his attire perfect for the beautiful teagarden I\par
sat in with my nanny. She\rquote d told me to dress up in my favourite ensemble\emdash a\par
white four-tiered dress with pink bows and ribbons\emdash and she would take me\par
for my seventh birthday to lunch.\par
The only stipulation was no one must know. Not even my twin.\par
My nanny nudged me. \ldblquote Say hello, Nila.\rdblquote\par
I looked again at the boy before me. He had black hair, which was\par
combed to the side. Everything about him spoke of stuck-up and resentful\par
but beneath that lurked the same thing I felt.\par
Obligation.\par
A small butterfly entered my tummy to think he might feel the same\par
stifling knowledge that we were already destined for a role\emdash regardless if\par
we wanted it or not.\par
\ldblquote Do you have a strict daddy, too?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\ldblquote Nila!\rdblquote  My nanny spanked my behind. \ldblquote Be polite and don\rquote t pry.\rdblquote\par
Jethro narrowed his eyes at my caregiver. He balled his hands and his\par
cheeks turned red from watching her discipline me. I thought he\rquote d run off,\par
his feet shuffled to the teagarden\rquote s exit, but then he locked eyes with me. \ldblquote I\par
have a dad who expects me to be something I\rquote m not.\rdblquote\par
My childish heart fluttered. \ldblquote Me, too. I like clothes, but I don\rquote t want to\par
be a weaver. I want to be the first girl to prove unicorns exist.\rdblquote\par
He smirked. \ldblquote They don\rquote t exist.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, they do.\rdblquote\par
He shook his head, something cold and hard snapped over his features.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t have time for stupid kids.\rdblquote  Spinning on his heel, he left me gawking\par
after him. I didn\rquote t stop looking until a man with greying hair and black\par
jacket stole his son\rquote s hand and disappeared into the sunshine.\par
We\rquote d met.\par
How many times had we been introduced? Jethro had said I\rquote d signed\par
something in pink crayon. And now I remembered my seventh birthday\par
luncheon.\par
Did I feel what I did because he\rquote d been there in my past\emdash like a stain\par
upon my fate? Or was it because some part of me knew the kid I saw that\par
day still existed?\par
Jethro pulled back, his gaze searching mine. \ldblquote What? What are you\par
thinking?\rdblquote  His lips were wet from kissing me.\par
A surge of need took hold of me; I pressed my mouth against his.\par
He tensed then opened, inviting my tongue to slink into his dark flavour.\par
I moaned as his hand moved from my cheek to the back of my skull,\par
holding me firm. The moment he\rquote d imprisoned me, his kiss turned into a\par
meal. I was the main course and he did exactly like he\rquote d said in his text as\par
Kite. He kissed me so deeply I had no choice but to inhale his every taste,\par
ensuring he lived forever in my lungs. He made drunken love to my tongue,\par
driving me higher, higher with every silky wet sweep.\par
My blood raced with need, sending throbbing desire to my clit.\par
If he continued to kiss me that way, I might come from that alone.\par
\ldblquote Truth does more damage than lies,\rdblquote  he murmured between kisses.\par
I\rquote d lost the ability to reply. My body craved his, and all I wanted to do\par
was tear off his sodden clothes and sink onto his cock. I wanted to forget\par
about hostility and death. \ldblquote Then stop lying,\rdblquote  I breathed.\par
He pulled away, stealing his heat and passion. \ldblquote I\rquote ve lied all my life.\par
There is no other way I know.\rdblquote  Tucking wet hair behind my ear, he added\par
with finality, \ldblquote However, you\rquote re a novice. You better become talented in the\par
art of deception if you wish to survive my family.\rdblquote\par
Without a backward glance, he left.\par
\par
I balled my hands as I stalked the length of the corridor to the French doors\par
leading outside.\par
I was riled, pissed, and entirely on edge. The molten desire of my\par
almost-orgasm had switched into blistering annoyance. How dare Jethro\par
come into my room unannounced and see me doing something so private?\par
How dare he make me feel embarrassed but also strangely aroused at being\par
caught? And how dare he tell me I sucked at lying, all while I caught him\par
out on every single one!\par
After he\rquote d left me to get dressed, my mind had created a few snarky\par
comebacks. If he hadn\rquote t have run\emdash like he always did\emdash I would\rquote ve had the\par
last laugh. I was sure of it.\par
I repeated my retaliation, committing them to memory so I could hurl\par
them in his face next time we had a fight.\par
I\rquote m already a better liar than you are.\par
Are you so stupid to believe I don\rquote t see you?\par
Congratulations on winning the hypocritical award.\par
It\rquote d been too late to say them, but I wouldn\rquote t forget. It was time to tell\par
him that I didn\rquote t believe in his icy shell anymore. I was still afraid of him\emdash\par
on some level\emdash but it was nothing compared to the sick terror I felt toward\par
his father and brothers.\par
Crap, did I put it on?\par
I was so in my head while dressing in a knee-length black dress with a\par
silver mesh jumper that I didn\rquote t know if I\rquote d attached my new favourite item.\par
My fingers moved fugitively to my outer thigh.\par
Thank God.\par
I relaxed when my fingers found the small garter I\rquote d made out of\par
Victorian cream lace and pearl buttons. Tight with elastic, it was used to\par
hold up ladies\rquote  pantyhose back in the day.\par
Now I used it to keep my stolen weapon from sight. The holster I\rquote d\par
made suited dresses and skirts but would be no use if I had to wear trousers.\par
No matter, that was what bras were for.\par
After trying to eavesdrop on Jethro and the unknown woman, I\rquote d given\par
up and snuck to the dining room. There, I stole the ruby-encrusted dirk and\par
placed a bronze figurine in front of the now empty hooks on the wall. I just\par
hoped no one would notice.\par
\ldblquote Nila! He said you were coming. I\rquote m so glad.\rdblquote\par
I spun around. My heart rate increased as Kes strode toward me.\par
\ldblquote Morning, Kestrel.\rdblquote\par
He beamed; the hazy air of the ancient Hall blurred his five o\rquote  clock\par
shadow and neatly combed tinsel hair. I found it strange that the Hawks\par
were so young, yet they were greying already. Almost as if time stole their\par
youth in payment for their atrocities.\par
Kes took my shoulders and kissed first my right cheek then my left.\par
\ldblquote Pleasure to see you this morning. How\rquote s your tattoo?\rdblquote\par
I pressed my thumb against my index finger, activating the remaining\par
burn from the needle and ink. \ldblquote It\rquote s good.\rdblquote\par
Kes held out his hand, waiting until I slipped mine in his. He ran a\par
finger gently over Jethro\rquote s initials. \ldblquote Lucky bastard gets to live on your\par
flawless skin.\rdblquote  He grinned. He also wore a t-shirt and jodhpurs. Not that the\par
tight trousers fit him nearly as good as Jethro. Kes was too bulky\emdash too\par
rough for something so...refined.\par
\ldblquote Guess it\rquote s official now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Official?\rdblquote\par
Kes nodded. \ldblquote Just between you and me, I didn\rquote t think my brother had it\par
in him. He\rquote s not coping\emdash in fact, I\rquote d go as far to say he\rquote s the worst I\rquote ve\par
ever seen him\emdash but he\rquote s still managing to win against Cut.\rdblquote\par
I peered at the small tattoo. \ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\par
Kes laughed, brushing away the topic as if it was nothing. \ldblquote Cut has\par
watched and re-watched the video of Jethro whipping you for the First\par
Debt. Apart from the footage cutting off before he untied you, Cut was\par
pleasantly surprised at how vicious Jethro delivered the punishment.\rdblquote\par
My heart skipped a beat remembering the agony I\rquote d been in. \ldblquote He didn\rquote t\par
hold anything back, that\rquote s for sure.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Exactly. Which was the best thing for all. He\rquote s proven he can be\par
trusted to carry out the remaining debts and that means he\rquote s still in the\par
running for inheriting it all.\rdblquote\par
I stood gobsmacked to learn there was more than just me and debts at\par
play. What else was Jethro fighting for behind the scenes? \ldblquote Inherit what?\rdblquote\par
Hawksridge?\par
A holiday house?\par
The diamond mines?\par
Kes shook his head, tucking my hand into the crook of his arm.\par
\ldblquote Nothing. We\rquote re late. Better head out there before they send in the stable\par
lads.\rdblquote\par
He took off at a brisk pace. I had no choice but to trot beside him as we\par
traversed the remaining distance and exited the Hall.\par
Unlike a few days ago, the sunshine was bright and determined. I\par
squinted, raising a hand to shield my eyes in the glare.\par
Kes asked, \ldblquote Where is he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s who?\rdblquote  I looked around at the sprawling mayhem before us.\par
Normally the large expanse of gravel at the front of the Hall was empty. Not\par
so this morning.\par
Two large horse trucks blotted out the garden with their black sides and\par
gold-gilded hawk crest. Three 4WDs dotted around, some with doors\par
opened, others with their boots wide and being filled with equipment by\par
quickly moving staff.\par
Kes snorted. \ldblquote Who do you think? That brother of mine.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, him. I guess he had to change.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Change?\rdblquote  His eyebrows shot up. Cut and Daniel stood off a little way,\par
both dressed in suits with a black leather jacket. They looked so similar, so\par
removed from the normal human race.\par
\ldblquote Why would he have to change?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because I took another shower quite by accident,\rdblquote  a masculine voice\par
said behind me.\par
I bristled, not looking over my shoulder. The hair on the back of my\par
neck stood up having Jethro so close. I might\rquote ve been able to push away my\par
never-enjoyed orgasm, but I didn\rquote t want to be too near. \ldblquote There, he answered\par
your question.\rdblquote\par
Twisting my fingers from Kes\rquote s hold, I said, \ldblquote Now, if you\rquote ll excuse me,\par
I\rquote ll go see if the staff needs any help with that picnic basket.\rdblquote  Without\par
waiting for permission, I disappeared down the steps and beelined for the\par
two women in white pinafores struggling with a hamper.\par
Up close, I noticed the 4WDs were the newest model Land Rovers, and\par
the horse trucks were ridiculously glitzy. How many diamonds did the\par
Hawks smuggle to afford all this?\par
I jumped as a large hand splayed on my lower back.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t look down, preferring to keep his attention on a stable boy\par
carrying saddle blankets. \ldblquote Did you finish?\rdblquote\par
I flinched, trying to move away from his touch. \ldblquote That\rquote s none of your\par
business.\rdblquote\par
Jethro moved with me, his fingertips digging into the tense muscles at\par
the base of my spine. \ldblquote None of my business? I think it is.\rdblquote  He lowered his\par
voice, his eyes still avoiding mine. \ldblquote You see, I need to know if the woman\par
who belongs to me is wet and panting for a release. We\rquote ll be in public\par
today, Ms. Weaver. Having someone who\rquote s as hungry to come as you were\par
in that shower is a matter of public security.\rdblquote\par
His lips twisted as he finally bowed his head to look into my eyes. \ldblquote So,\par
tell me...did you finger yourself until your cunt squeezed, all while\par
fantasising it was my cock riding you\emdash my cock slamming inside you? Or\par
did you pretend you weren\rquote t that sort of girl and stop playing with\par
yourself?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  I hissed. My eyes darted to the staff who crunched across the\par
gravel in front of us. Jethro wasn\rquote t exactly quiet\emdash anyone could hear if they\par
tried hard enough.\par
Hard.\par
God, even innocent words painted lewd pictures inside my head. Images\par
of Jethro\rquote s hard cock consumed me, and my heart hurled itself against my\par
ribs. All my efforts at pushing down the ache between my legs was in vain.\par
In a few sentences, Jethro had made me sopping wet and trembling with\par
lust.\par
Again.\par
Damn man has super powers.\par
\ldblquote Answer me, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
My hands balled and I snapped, \ldblquote No. I didn\rquote t. Satisfied? I was too angry\par
at you for saying I suck at lying. You\rquote re the one who\rquote s terrible.\rdblquote  I laughed,\par
adding, \ldblquote Congratulations on winning the hypocritical award.\rdblquote  I mentally\par
patted myself on the back for using my remembered reproach.\par
Jethro rolled his eyes. \ldblquote How long have you been waiting to use that?\rdblquote\par
Damn him, he stole any joy I might\rquote ve had from one-upping him. His\par
hand moved to clutch my hip, tugging me closer. \ldblquote By the way, I believe if\par
there is an award for such a thing, it would go to you.\rdblquote\par
Don\rquote t ask. Do not ask why.\par
It pained me to hold my chin high and not grab his bait, but I managed\par
it. Just.\par
Jethro huffed, annoyed that I didn\rquote t play along. \ldblquote Fine...if you\rquote re going\par
to be like that.\rdblquote  Letting me go, he turned to leave but brushed his lips\par
against my ear. \ldblquote If I\rquote m rock hard and in pain after fantasising of fucking\par
you; if I can barely see straight from imagining my cock sliding in and out\par
of your heat, I\rquote m sure as hell going to grab my dick and throttle it until I\par
come so hard it looks like fucking snow.\rdblquote\par
Pressing a chaste kiss on my cheekbone, he murmured, \ldblquote Think about\par
that next time you\rquote re riding a showerhead and just call me. I\rquote ll put you out\par
of your misery, but it won\rquote t come for free.\rdblquote\par
My mouth hung open. My womb ached in a way I hadn\rquote t felt before\emdash\par
heavy, tender\emdash a call for more than just sex but the primal need to have a\par
man fill me.\par
Jethro\rquote s lips twisted into half a smile, then he left, prowling toward his\par
father and Daniel.\par
My heartbeat roared in my ears. I stood like an idiot as staff continued\par
to load and look at me with an odd expression. Chagrin painted my cheeks,\par
thinking they probably knew exactly what ailed me.\par
Sex.\par
I\rquote d been debased to craving sex all while my life hung in some\par
precarious balance.\par
Sex.\par
The monstrous need that made graves and debts and tally marks\par
insubstantial compared to the promise of finding heaven in his arms.\par
\ldblquote Nila...you okay?\rdblquote  Kes asked, sidling up to me.\par
I blew out a breath. I wasn\rquote t in the mood to deal with him.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m fine.\rdblquote  Waving my hand at the dwindling chaos, I asked,\par
\ldblquote What is all this for?\rdblquote\par
Kes grinned. \ldblquote I told you a few days ago. Polo.\rdblquote\par
For some stupid reason, I thought it would take place on Hawk ground.\par
I looked down at my black dress and thin mesh jumper. The garments\par
weren\rquote t enough now the weather had lost its summer warmth and slid\par
straight into autumn chill. \ldblquote Am I still permitted to come, or\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course. I told you...staff, prisoners...\rdblquote  He nudged my shoulder in\par
jest. \ldblquote The more the merrier. Come on, it\rquote s time to go.\rdblquote  He moved toward his\par
family, leaving me no choice but to follow, regardless that I wanted to move\par
in the opposite direction to Cut Hawk.\par
Jethro never took his golden eyes off me as I stopped before them. Kes\par
clapped his hands together. \ldblquote Ready to get this mayhem on the road?\rdblquote\par
Cut rubbed his jaw, looking me up and down. \ldblquote Would you care to ride\par
with me, my dear?\rdblquote  He pulled free a black handkerchief from his pocket,\par
dangling it between his fingers. His smile was cold and sadistic. \ldblquote I\rquote ll have\par
to blindfold you so you won\rquote t know the way off the estate, but you\rquote re\par
welcome to the luxury of the vehicle.\rdblquote\par
I hated that he came across so cordial\emdash almost grandfatherly.\par
Jethro muttered, \ldblquote She\rquote ll be fine with Wings and me.\rdblquote\par
My eyes widened. \ldblquote You\rquote re travelling with the horse?\rdblquote\par
Jethro nodded. \ldblquote Wings hates being confined. It kills him to be in the\par
dark with no escape.\rdblquote\par
My heart flipped. How could he say something so caring about an\par
animal, yet be so strange about everything else?\par
Cut laughed\emdash it held an edge of warning. \ldblquote I expected you to grow out\par
of that stupid notion, Jet.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s hands fisted. \ldblquote Sorry to disappoint.\rdblquote\par
Cut glared daggers at his oldest son. I stood poised to jump out of the\par
way, just waiting for a fight to break out or some accusation thrown that\par
might hint at whom Jethro truly was. It seemed his entire family knew and\par
constantly used his weakness, condition\emdash whatever he had\emdash as a warning\par
and an aid to heel.\par
Breaking the tense silence, I said, \ldblquote I\rquote d rather travel with the horses.\rdblquote\par
Cut stopped trying to kill his oldest by death stare and turned his blazing\par
eyes on me.\par
I rushed, \ldblquote Plus, I won\rquote t have to wear a blindfold as the truck doesn\rquote t\par
have windows.\rdblquote\par
The thought of being cooped up in a dark space while weaving and\par
swaying in traffic turned my stomach. The symptoms would be eerily\par
similar to vertigo. But I would rather go with Jethro over Cut any day.\par
Cut nodded slowly. \ldblquote Fine. We\rquote ll see you at the match.\rdblquote\par
Daniel shifted closer. \ldblquote That\rquote s a pity.\rdblquote  His unhinged soul glimmered in\par
his eyes. His dark hair didn\rquote t have any of the silver tinsel that Jethro and\par
Kes had, but all three of the Hawk boys had inherited their colouring from\par
their father. Daniel\rquote s hair had thinned, whereas I knew from experience that\par
Jethro\rquote s was thick and entirely too enticing.\par
I know because his head has been between my legs, licking me while I\par
dug my fingers\emdash\par
Don\rquote t think about that.\par
Once again, I had to shove away the wetness Jethro had conjured and\par
shut down my bodily cravings.\par
Daniel smirked. His pristine suit, diamond pin just like Jethro\rquote s, and\par
polished boots made him seem the perfect catch for any eager woman\emdash\par
until he opened his mouth, of course. \ldblquote I rather enjoyed our car ride together\par
last time.\rdblquote\par
A chill flash-froze my system. He meant the car ride onto the estate the\par
night I had arrived. Jethro had drugged me\emdash bastard. And I could still feel\par
Daniel\rquote s probing nasty fingers on my core.\par
Jethro growled, \ldblquote Enough.\rdblquote  Leaving his family, he grabbed my wrist and\par
stomped toward the closest horse truck. \ldblquote Time to go.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stop goosebumps scattering over my arms at the horrible\par
reminder of Daniel\rquote s groping.\par
Silently, Jethro guided me to the side of the truck and opened a small\par
door camouflaged by decals of his family crest. The entire transport was\par
rich and gleaming with money.\par
As I stepped into the musky warmth of horse and hay, I said, \ldblquote The night\par
you stole me. Why did you drug me?\rdblquote\par
Jethro froze, blotting out the light from the small door and instantly\par
making the large vehicle claustrophobic. \ldblquote I did it to make it easier.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote On who? You?\rdblquote\par
He slammed the door closed, leaving us in gloomy light. \ldblquote On you. I\par
made it so you wouldn\rquote t fight and cause yourself harm.\rdblquote\par
I crossed my arms, a horrible suspicion filling me. \ldblquote Wrong. I think you\par
did it for you. So you wouldn\rquote t have to face my tears or put up with my\par
panic.\rdblquote\par
Jethro shoved me out of the way, moving down the gangway between\par
the two stalls. I spun around, following him. Two horses\rquote  rumps faced us\par
with food bales secured within grazing distance and hay on the floor.\par
\ldblquote Who exactly are you, Jethro Hawk?\rdblquote\par
Jethro ran his hand along the horse\rquote s ebony side. My stomach fluttered\par
to witness the sudden softness in him and it turned my heart to mush to see\par
the animal\rquote s reaction to his master.\par
Its ears swivelled in welcome while its flank twitched for more. A\par
gentle huffing sound came from velvet nostrils\emdash a sigh of contentment.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m the man who does what he needs to, but you already know that.\rdblquote\par
Giving me a backward glance, he didn\rquote t stop until he passed the two horses\par
and entered the small space at the front of the stalls. In the spacious\par
compartment, there were two seats bolted to the floor facing the horses.\par
Saddles, blankets, and bridles hung from hooks. Every wall and space had\par
been utilised to house horsey paraphernalia.\par
Windows let natural light in from above, along with a skylight, but they\par
were too high to see.\par
\ldblquote Let it go, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  Sitting down, he pointed at the identical seat.\par
\ldblquote Sit down before you fall down. Can never be too careful with that damn\par
vertigo of yours.\rdblquote\par
I sneered at him. \ldblquote Bet it makes you feel stronger knowing I have an\par
ailment that can strike me down at any time.\rdblquote\par
He sniffed. \ldblquote You\rquote re right. It does.\rdblquote  His eyes narrowed. \ldblquote Now. Sit.\rdblquote\par
The truck suddenly rumbled and coughed as the engine turned over. The\par
horses behind me nickered. One stomped its metal hoof on the floor.\par
I turned around and sat quickly, just before the lumbering vehicle shot\par
into gear.\par
Fumbling with my seatbelt\emdash hoping it would be strong enough to keep\par
me upright if I happened to suffer a bad spell\emdash I yelped when a long grey\par
nose nudged my leg.\par
Jethro chuckled. \ldblquote For someone who says she\rquote s in-tune with the law of\par
right and wrong, you don\rquote t seem to have experience around animals.\rdblquote\par
He smiled as the black beast in front of him arched its neck, trying to\par
get at his master.\par
I had no reply and sat very still as the animal in front of me nudged my\par
leg again. In one demanding move, the horse shoved its way into my heart\par
and I slid straight into love with the beautiful dapple grey. Its huge glossy\par
eyes spoke of ancient worlds and kindness, and I had a vivid recall of my\par
love of unicorns when I was younger.\par
I\rquote d always wanted a pony\emdash as most girls did. But living in central\par
London and being daughter to a man focused only on textiles meant my\par
dreams were directed into more practical things.\par
My memory of meeting Jethro with my nanny as chaperone came back.\par
I reached out to stroke the nose of my newfound love. \ldblquote Unicorns do\par
exist.\rdblquote\par
My heart swelled as the horse snuffled my knee, its forelock flopping\par
over one eye and catching in its thick eyelashes.\par
Jethro stiffened. \ldblquote What did you just say?\rdblquote\par
I glanced over, never taking my hand from my warm companion. I\par
waited to see if recognition would flare in his eyes. Did he remember that\par
brief meeting, too?\par
When I didn\rquote t answer, he snapped, \ldblquote Well?\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote Doesn\rquote t matter.\rdblquote  Bringing the conversation back to a\par
subject he obviously adored, I asked, \ldblquote What\rquote s his name?\rdblquote  I scratched the\par
horse between its eyes, straining against my seatbelt to get closer.\par
Jethro never took his eyes off me. Something happened...something I\par
couldn\rquote t explain. The harshness, the frost in his mannerisms...they seemed\par
to thaw a little. His head tilted, looking less tense and arctic than normal.\par
Butterflies spawned in my belly to see yet another side of him. Being\par
around these beasts did something. It did more than relax him\emdash it gave him\par
a place to hide. He seemed to feed off the simplistic animal gentleness.\par
He took his time answering, but when he did, his voice was soft,\par
beguiling. \ldblquote Not him, her. Her name is Warriors Don\rquote t Cry. But her\par
nickname is Moth.\rdblquote\par
Moth.\par
Soft-winged and subtly stunning. It was perfect. I wanted to keep her.\par
\ldblquote And the other one?\rdblquote\par
Jethro sat still, drinking in the black beast before him. \ldblquote This is Fly Like\par
The Wind. But he\rquote s my wings, as I cannot fly, so I call him that.\rdblquote\par
So, that\rquote s Wings.\par
The one who carried Jethro away when he\rquote d reached all that he could\par
bear. A wash of gratefulness filled me to think that he had something that\par
didn\rquote t judge\emdash didn\rquote t try to control him with family tradition.\par
Perhaps, I should learn from Wings. Perhaps, I should look past the\par
hatred and despair and look deeper. There was something redeemable inside\par
Jethro.\par
I know it.\par
\ldblquote When will you let me see?\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s nostrils flared. \ldblquote Pardon?\rdblquote\par
Silent courage filled me from touching Moth, and for the first time, I\par
laid it out plainly with no anger or resentment. \ldblquote When will you tell me what\par
the debts mean to your family? What is the point of all of this? How have\par
you gotten away with it for so long\emdash because the Debt Inheritance wouldn\rquote t\par
hold up in any court of law. How did your family go from serving my\par
ancestors to owning...\rdblquote  I waved my arm at the horses, encompassing the\par
world outside the truck and Hawksridge.\par
I should\rquote ve stopped there, but I had one last question. A burning\par
question that I would give anything to know. \ldblquote Why can\rquote t I hate you for\par
what you are? Why can\rquote t I stop myself from wanting you? And why am I\par
still here? Playing these games and believing that in the end, it won\rquote t be my\par
head in a basket and you holding an axe, but something entirely different?\rdblquote\par
Thick silence fell between us. Only the snuffles of Wings and Moth\par
broke the tension clouding thicker with every breath.\par
Finally, Jethro murmured, \ldblquote If I do the job I\rquote m supposed to, you won\rquote t\par
earn a single answer to your questions, nor learn anything about me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not doing a good job then,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote Because I already\par
know more about you than you think.\rdblquote\par
He rolled his shoulders. \ldblquote I have no doubt that in time you\rquote ll learn\par
everything you want to know.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Including your secrets?\rdblquote  I whispered again, filling my voice with\par
feeling. \ldblquote Will you trust me enough to show me the truth?\rdblquote\par
He looked away, tugging the forelock of his horse. \ldblquote That, Ms. Weaver,\par
is like blindly believing in unicorns. You can\rquote t be mad at me, when in the\par
end, you find out they never existed.\rdblquote\par
I gasped.\par
He did remember.\par
He murmured beneath his breath, \ldblquote I suggest you focus on reality and\par
stop looking for magic in a world that only wants to destroy you.\rdblquote\par
Silence fell like a heavy curtain, slicing between us and putting an end\par
to all connection.\par
We stayed quiet the remainder of the journey.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
POLO WAS THE only contact sport I enjoyed.\par
Hunting was a solo pastime\f1\emdash something that was both a hobby and a\par
curse. But riding and being around horses had been my one saving grace as\par
a kid.\par
Still was.\par
I permitted myself a brief second where I leaned against Wings and\par
breathed in his musky scent. My heart rate hadn\rquote t equalized ever since we\rquote d\par
arrived an hour ago.\par
What the hell had happened in the carrier coming here? Why had Nila\par
chosen that exact moment to bombard me with questions that had every\par
power to skin me alive?\par
Jasmine had been wrong to say I had to make Nila fall in love with me.\par
I\rquote d tried\emdash I\rquote d spun some concoction in the shower about her fabricating a\par
web and capturing a Hawk. It\rquote d sounded ridiculous and so unlike me that\par
Nila\rquote s eyes had widened, noticing my slip.\par
There would be no seducing her with deception. No winning her with\par
tricks. If I wanted her to fall in love with me\emdash to grant me another way of\par
fixing myself and being able to survive the next ten months until my\par
inheritance took place\emdash I would have to let her inside me.\par
Allow her free reign to my complications and disease. I would have to\par
let her see me. All of me.\par
And I didn\rquote t have the power to do that. Regardless of what Jasmine\par
thought.\par
Sighing heavily, I looked out over the large grassy field. Polo players\par
were dotted about, tending to their horses beside a mismatch of caravans,\par
floats, and cars. Tyre tracks had squelched through sodden grass, turning\par
green to mud.\par
A little distance away, the polo arena was pristine and untouched, just\par
waiting for galloping horses to tear it into a brown mess. And just beyond\par
was a movable grandstand taking centre stage\emdash looming over the field,\par
offering fabulous viewpoints of the soon-to-start match.\par
Men and women milled about, finding their seats in the tiered chairs or\par
making their way to the tents below which housed gourmet snacks and\par
exclusive wines. There were no hotdog stands or cheap beer in plastic cups.\par
These events were for the elite of England\emdash families with a bank balance in\par
excess of ten million pounds. Caviar, foie gras, and salmon mousse were on\par
the finger-menu along with some of Hawksridge\rquote s wine and vintage beer.\par
Nothing inferior was allowed. \par
I peered harder, trying to spot Nila in her black dress amongst the\par
teaming mass of spectators.\par
Nothing.\par
What do you expect?\par
Kes would\rquote ve taken her to the reserved tent on the outskirts of the food\par
and grandstand area. We had our own private gazebo where guests were\par
encouraged to socialise. We also offered uncut diamonds at rock bottom\par
prices to all those we trusted.\par
Not only was polo beneficial for my mind-set, but it was also a brilliant\par
day for our bank account.\par
When we\rquote d arrived, I\rquote d deliberated on how best to avoid Nila while\par
taking her to where she needed to be. All my worrying was for nothing as\par
Kes had appeared the moment I\rquote d backed Wings down the ramp and\par
hobbled him to the tethering post.\par
Moth was his horse, but he summoned a stable boy to attend to her\par
while he offered to take Nila to the viewing area.\par
With a weighty look at me, Nila had nodded and disappeared with my\par
brother. I hated that she went with him so easily, but at the same time, I was\par
happy to see her go. It gave me time to get my head on straight before the\par
match started.\par
Hopefully, once I\rquote d had a day on the field with the sound of racing\par
hooves in my ears and power in my veins, I would be better.\par
I would be stronger.\par
Moth nudged my spine. I twisted to pat the dapple grey. Nila\rquote s reaction\par
to the horse hadn\rquote t escaped me. She\rquote d melted the moment Moth had\par
demanded attention.\par
I doubted she\rquote d ever had pets growing up\emdash her father seemed too\par
consumed with his empire, and I wouldn\rquote t be surprised if he put his children\par
to work the moment they understood how to wield a pair of scissors.\par
The Weavers had always been the same\emdash treating their offspring like\par
slave-labour\emdash getting wealthy off the toils of family who were denied a\par
childhood.\par
My heart suddenly warmed. Maybe I can give Nila what she\rquote s been\par
missing?\par
Kes had no affinity with Moth. She was a good horse, came from a\par
prestigious breeder, and the most tolerant of mares. But she was just a tool\par
to Kes.\par
What would Nila do if I gave her Moth?\par
Would she open her heart more readily? Would she see I only meant to\par
do what was required of me while trying to protect her from everything in\par
my power?\par
Standing between the two horses, I scratched each behind their ears.\par
Moth was soft and kind and reliable. But she was no match for Wings.\par
Where Moth was eager to please and fast to react, Wings had a heart similar\par
to mine\emdash an imposter\rquote s heart where obedience was required but breaking\par
the rules was the only way to survive.\par
Rubbing Wings down, I quickly saddled him and held his head while I\par
fed the bit into his mouth. He stomped, pawing at the ground.\par
I could\rquote ve had the stable hands tend to him.\par
But I wanted to do it.\par
It relaxed me, and with Nila in my life, I needed all the relaxation I\par
could get.\par
The sun was out and today could be a good day. If only there was one\par
other person here, it could\rquote ve been perfect.\par
Pulling out my phone, I called my sister.\par
It rang a few times too long and the familiar panic where her safety was\par
concerned came over me.\par
\ldblquote Jethro? Why are you calling me\emdash isn\rquote t the match about to start?\rdblquote  Her\par
soft voice came down the phone, sliding straight into my ear.\par
\ldblquote You really should\rquote ve come with us, Jaz. The sun is out and the sky is\par
crystal clear.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe next time.\rdblquote\par
Maybe next time.\par
Her favourite expression.\par
Only thing was there was never a next time because she would refuse to\par
go on that outing, too.\par
I sighed, running a hand through my hair. \ldblquote Okay, well I better go. Just\par
wanted to check on you and let you know I\rquote ll win again and give you the\par
crystal vase or whatever shit they give us.\rdblquote\par
Jaz giggled. \ldblquote Okay. Be safe. And remember what I said. Try to figure\par
out a way to face what you are. No more \lquote fixing\rquote . Get that woman to love\par
you then you can hide again.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t want to tell her that it\rquote d gotten to the point where I could no\par
longer hide\emdash even from myself.\par
\ldblquote Sure, easy done.\rdblquote  My tone dripped with sarcasm. Before she could\par
respond, I added, \ldblquote See you when we get back tonight.\rdblquote\par
Hanging up, I looked at the screen.\par
I spotted Kestrel striding back alone across the field. I knew he\par
would\rquote ve stopped to place a wager on our team in the betting gazebo.\par
My stomach tensed.\par
Nila would be on her own. Cut and Daniel would never leave the\par
gambling tent, so I just had to hope to God that whoever was mingling in\par
our private space would leave her alone. She\rquote d be surrounded by Black\par
Diamond brothers peddling illegal stones. She would be untouchable under\par
their protection. Not to mention imprisoned if she had a lunatic idea of\par
running.\par
Escaping us was never that easy. There was a reason why her ancestors\par
never fled.\par
My fingers drummed against my phone. Going against all better\par
judgement, I opened a new message and typed:\par
Kite : I\rquote m assuming you haven\rquote t replied because of what happened\par
the other day. But perhaps now you\rquote re ready to talk. You have questions.\par
Lots of questions. What if I told you it would be easier for me to answer this\par
way than any other?\par
My heart rate spiked, hovering my finger over the send button.\par
What am I doing?\par
Not only was it a disaster waiting to happen to write things down for\par
anyone to read, but I had no intention of answering any of the questions\par
she\rquote d asked in the truck.\par
I always knew Nila would eventually find out that I was Kite. Hell, I\par
wasn\rquote t exactly subtle\emdash but I\rquote d always planned to let the ruse die a death\par
when she did. It wasn\rquote t needed anymore. I\rquote d had enough enlightenment of\par
her thoughts. And having the ability of talking this way only made the\par
connection between us harder to ignore.\par
It was too dangerous. Secrets were too easily shared when hidden\par
behind closed doors. Things I never intended to say suddenly had the\par
audacity to find their way into a faceless message.\par
My fingers hovered, tingling with the urge to press send.\par
Do it.\par
I did.\par
\ldblquote Ready to kit up?\rdblquote  Kes asked, shrugging out of his over-shirt and\par
revealing the team colours below.\par
My temper flared to think Nila had feelings for him.\par
Feelings for my damn brother.\par
Feelings that I\rquote d made happen by letting her chase the wrong path.\par
\ldblquote Yes. I\rquote m ready.\rdblquote  Depositing my phone into the saddlebag, I unfolded\par
my matching colours and slipped them on.\par
Another reason I\rquote d wanted to kill off Kite was to give Nila no choice\par
but to be honest to my face. I didn\rquote t want her running to Kes. I didn\rquote t want\par
him anywhere near her.\par
She\rquote s mine, goddammit.\par
With a shaky hand, I tied my cravat and shoved Nila Weaver\par
unsuccessfully from my thoughts.\par
Game time.\par
It\rquote s time to win.\par
\par
There were very few places where I could be completely free.\par
In fact, I could count three in total.\par
One, when I went to see Jasmine.\par
Two, when I took Wings for a gallop away from cameras and family\par
and obligations of being someone I wasn\rquote t.\par
And three, when I let down every guard on the polo field.\par
I fed off people\rquote s energy. I drank the players\rquote  nervousness, revelled in\par
their tingling excitement, and for once, I was grateful for the disease I lived\par
with.\par
We took our positions.\par
In my hand, I held my reins and a short braided whip. My cream\par
jodhpurs, polished black knee-high boots, and gold velvet waistcoat over\par
the billowing old-world sleeves of my white shirt made me feel like a\par
knight about to joust for some fair maiden\rquote s affection.\par
Kes grinned, sitting atop Moth and her nineteen hands of elegant\par
muscle. Wings was only eighteen hands high, but he had something Moth\par
didn\rquote t. He had ferocity that rippled around him. Other horses felt it. Their\par
nostrils flared, their eyes tracking him wherever he went.\par
He was an anomaly.\par
Just like his owner.\par
The Hawks were well known for hosting polo matches and\par
commandeering the rules of any game we were invited to. Common rules\par
that we broke were: no horses to be higher than sixteen hands, and multiple\par
mounts per player.\par
I flatly refused to play on any other horse but Wings. Therefore, the rest\par
of the players were forced to follow my lead.\par
Another rule we tweaked was to have a longer half-time. Instead of the\par
stupid length of ten-minutes, we stipulated an hour\emdash the horses needed it,\par
seeing as we didn\rquote t change mounts.\par
And an hour would be perfect for what I had planned.\par
I had every intention of seeking out Nila and finishing what she started\par
this morning. What I wanted to do to her would be a fuck-load better than\par
any showerhead.\par
The umpire cantered onto the pitch. The game we were about to play\par
would be fast, brutal, and mentally draining. Men were known to break legs\par
from an incorrectly wielded hook or concussion from falling mid-flight.\par
The umpire spun his speech while everyone nodded but didn\rquote t listen.\par
We all focused on the hard white ball in his hand.\par
The moment the ball hit the turf, it would be on.\par
The horses jostled and pawed, tasting imminent war.\par
After the umpire had finished his spiel, the other two members of our\par
team came forward. In a close circle, we slapped mallets in a final hurrah\par
before kick-off.\par
\ldblquote I got your back,\rdblquote  Kes said, his eyes glowing beneath the shadow of his\par
helmet. His matching waistcoat held the number four. His role was to\par
protect the leader, stop others from scoring, and had no restrictions on\par
where he could go on the field.\par
I nodded, tugging at my cuffs and curling my gloved fingers firmly\par
around my mallet. \ldblquote First play is offensive. Steal the ball on the throw-in and\par
slam this chukker so we can crush their hopes.\rdblquote\par
I wore the number three on our team. My role was tactical leader and\par
the best player\emdash it wasn\rquote t ego, just simple fact.\par
My teammates nodded and touched their visors in acknowledgement.\par
Excitement bubbled in my chest. It was such a foreign elusive emotion\par
that I quickly became drunk on it.\par
Trotting to our places, I smiled at Kes, \ldblquote Ready, brother?\rdblquote  Out here there\par
were no his or mine. No firstborn bullshit. No diamond smuggling or family\par
legacy.\par
Just speed and accuracy.\par
Kes smirked. \ldblquote Ready to whoop your ass.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re on the same team, moron.\rdblquote\par
He laughed. \ldblquote On here we are, but we both know we can still lose even\par
when on the same side.\rdblquote\par
Wasn\rquote t that the God-awful truth?\par
We were flesh and blood. By right, we should have each other\rquote s back\emdash\par
yet we\rquote d been bred to compete against one another. If I were suddenly to\par
\lquote disappear or have an accident\rquote , Kes would take my place and rule.\par
Not because he wanted it\emdash he already knew I would give him more than\par
our father ever did\emdash but because he was the substitute.\par
Born as a plan B.\par
At least there had been some planning in his conception. Daniel,\par
however, was the accident. Not required and definitely not wanted.\par
Kes held up his mallet. I did the same and we swatted a salute. \ldblquote Let the\par
best man win.\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote Best man.\rdblquote\par
Two minutes later the bugle sounded, the ball flew, and the world\par
ceased to exist as I threw myself into the match.\f0\par
Nila.\par
I\rquote D LIVED A life of privileged upbringing.\par
I\rquote d been pampered and spoiled; lavished with praise when I followed\par
my father\rquote s wishes and began sewing at barely ten-years-old.\par
Vaughn and I lived a life of decadence and culture.\par
Theatre productions, pottery classes, language and disposition tutors\f1\emdash\par
even fencing lessons.\par
Thanks to my upbringing, I had talents I would never use, and a brain\par
cluttered with useless education.\par
I\rquote d always felt as if I\rquote d been born into the elite. Despite working twelvehour days and toiling in workshops, I didn\rquote t begrudge our family\rquote s business\par
from absorbing my life and turning me into yet another cog in the Weaver\par
Empire.\par
I was rewarded handsomely, earned pleasure from seeing something\par
grow, and never wanted a different life.\par
However, there were a few times when our wealth made me selfconscious. I found it hard to make genuine friends at school. Stipulations\par
came with any connection, and I became the girl invited to a sleep-over or\par
party, only because I came with a credit card that brought unlimited pizza\par
and drinks.\par
It was yet another reason why I\rquote d gravitated toward my twin. V had the\par
same problem. He\rquote d been crushed when he fell for a girl, only for her to\par
break it off the moment he bought her the necklace she\rquote d been begging for.\par
We were both hurt by others and became sheltered because of it. Money\par
was supposed to make life easy but it was more of a curse than a blessing.\par
And I\rquote d never felt it so acutely as I stood on the side-lines of the polo match\par
and watched the man who owned me galloping up and down.\par
Jethro looked...free.\par
For the first time since I\rquote d met him, he looked...happy.\par
His face was blank of all responsibility.\par
His body liquid and graceful.\par
His eyes warm and golden as he leant over the withers of his horse and\par
whacked the ball so hard it skidded like a comet down the field.\par
Out there he escaped everything he lived with and the hatred I felt\par
toward him\emdash the disgust and despair at finding my family buried on the\par
moor\emdash softened.\par
I couldn\rquote t hate someone who lived in the same cage as I did. I couldn\rquote t\par
hate someone for being a simple tool for his father. And I definitely\par
couldn\rquote t hate someone who spent his whole life looking for a way out.\par
Before, when we\rquote d arrived, and sunlight had streamed in as the ramp of\par
the truck opened, I\rquote d suffered a relentless need to run. People and open\par
spaces and cars all waited to help me flee from the Hawks. It would be so\par
easy\emdash wouldn\rquote t it? To somehow escape the attention of my guards and dart\par
to a bystander with tales of ludicrous debts and inhumane treatment.\par
I could be saved.\par
I could go home.\par
But I\rquote d paused and asked questions that I doubted I would ever find\par
answers to. Why did my mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother stay?\par
Surely, they would\rquote ve found opportunities such as this and escaped?\par
I knew the reasons for my procrastination: I wanted to be the last\par
Weaver taken. But my ancestors...what was their reasoning? Did they\par
perhaps share the same goal I did\emdash did they believe they could change their\par
fate or murder the Hawks instead?\par
Did they fail?\par
Am I destined to fail?\par
The smack of the ball resonated like thunder as Kes hooked his stick\par
around an opposing player, giving Jethro time to swoop in and shoot the\par
ball toward the goal.\par
My heart raced as Jethro\rquote s firm legs wrapped around his galloping\par
steed. His gloved hands wielded his stick like a dangerous weapon, while\par
his concentration level sent a flush of wetness between my legs. I wanted to\par
become so precious to him that he looked at me with the same unbarred\par
happiness.\par
My wonderings of boosting a car and fleeing faded with every\par
heartbeat. Watching Jethro be free gave me the truth I\rquote d been looking for.\par
I was an idiot to stay. To not take the fateful opportunity.\par
But I\rquote d come to the conclusion: I would rather be an idiot and win, than\par
a coward and run.\par
I didn\rquote t think I would like polo. I couldn\rquote t have been more wrong. I\rquote d\par
never witnessed something so intense, so visceral.\par
The rumbling earthquakes formed by eight horses thundering past\par
would forever live inside my soul. My dreams would always conjure Jethro\par
how he looked right now\emdash capable, joyous, completely perfect in every\par
way.\par
Another strike and the ball shot past, followed by a mass of muscle and\par
men. The clatter of sticks colliding and grunts of players fully in the throes\par
of sport sent my tummy frothing with bubbles.\par
I\rquote d been told to stay in the gazebo under the watchful eye of Flaw. But I\par
grew bored and resentful as Flaw orchestrated a magical event of\par
disappearing diamonds followed by huge sums of cash changing hands.\par
The moment the bugle had sounded, I\rquote d rushed out to witness the game.\par
And now, watching the sea of sweat-glistening men, I\rquote d found heaven.\par
Jethro suddenly looked directly at me. His arm jerked, pulling the reins\par
tight and causing Wings to toss his head mid-gallop. My entire body tingled\par
as Jethro just stared. We held eye contact far longer than was safe, and the\par
moment he was too far away, I felt bereaved\emdash as if he\rquote d stolen my heart\par
and taken it flying up the field with him.\par
I wanted to chase after him. I wanted to steal Moth from Kes and fight\par
beside Jethro, rather than against him. I wanted the rush, the fear, the\par
intoxicating knowledge of invincibility. But most of all, I wanted what\par
Jethro had\par
...\par
freedom.\par
I wanted to be as happy as him. To be at peace like him.\par
I wanted to stare into his eyes while he was truly himself\emdash no games,\par
no lies, no debts.\par
Kes suddenly stood up in his stirrups, high fiving Jethro for effortlessly\par
scoring another goal.\par
Jethro smiled. He positively glowed. He was resplendent.\par
Then the bugle trumpeted and the game began anew.\par
His happiness turned sharp with aggression. He and Wings moved as\par
one\emdash gliding so smoothly it looked almost telepathic\emdash pirouetting midgallop to intercept the ball and steal it. Jethro...or should I say\par
Kite...dominated the entire game.\par
He truly is one of a kind.\par
Tears came to my eyes as I finally acknowledged what lived beneath my\par
hate.\par
My lust was slowly evolving, slowly growing. And I wished I had the\par
power to stop it.\par
But I had as much power as stopping my heart from tripping into love\par
as I did from tearing myself from the match. I fell into disgrace.\par
By the end of the first half, my knickers were damp and my heart ached.\par
Every muscle hummed as if I\rquote d been beaten, and I couldn\rquote t stop the small\par
voice repeating over and over:\par
You\rquote re falling for him.\par
You\rquote re falling for him.\par
You\rquote re falling for him.\par
I wasn\rquote t.\par
I couldn\rquote t.\par
I\rquote m not!\par
But no matter how hard I tried, the words enemy, tormentor, and\par
adversary ceased to have meaning.\par
Other words came instead: ally, accomplice...friend.\par
When the bugle blared, signalling half-time, I sagged in relief. I needed\par
to find a cool dark place and glue myself back together. I couldn\rquote t let\par
anyone\emdash especially Jethro\emdash see me in such broken pieces.\par
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Wings cantering toward me.\par
Jethro sat proud and regal atop him, his golden eyes blazing with passion\par
and need.\par
My stomach somersaulted.\par
He wants you.\par
I shook my head. He couldn\rquote t touch me. Not when I was so...delicate.\par
There would be no way I could halt the mess inside and find my way back\par
to sanity if he touched me.\par
Run.\par
It\rquote s the only way.\par
Leaving the border of the arena, I darted through the crowds and away\par
from my feelings and the man I couldn\rquote t face.\par
Ladies giggled as the gates were opened to carry on the time-old\par
tradition of stomping on the divots caused by the horse\rquote s hooves. Music\par
floated across the sun-drenched field from large speakers.\par
I left it all behind.\par
Walking briskly past the Hawk\rquote s private gazebo, I caught the eye of\par
Flaw. He crooked his finger, motioning me to go inside. I shook my head\par
and pointed to the perimeter of the grandstand, indicating I needed some\par
space.\par
He frowned then weaved through customers, who\rquote d no doubt bought a\par
smuggled diamond or two, and made his way toward me.\par
No, I need time alone.\par
I broke into a jog.\par
My ballerina shoes coasted over the thick grass whereas ladies in heels\par
struggled, their pretty shoes sinking into the mud.\par
Before the match had started, I\rquote d been in my element\emdash drinking in the\par
designs of their gowns and improving on styles that intrigued me. All\par
around, women clustered in beautiful fabrics, laughing beneath hats that\par
dripped with organza and hand-stitched lace flowers.\par
Now those same fashions were in my way as I wriggled through the\par
dispersing crowd and ducked down the side of the grandstand.\par
No one disturbed me as I kept my eyes trained on the ground and didn\rquote t\par
stop jogging until I rounded the back of the tiered seating and disappeared\par
into the hushed world of scaffolding and churned earth.\par
The second the shadows claimed me, I breathed a sigh of relief.\par
Thank God.\par
There was no one here apart from stacked chairs and boxes of polo\par
equipment.\par
I could let go of my iron control and indulge in a moment of self-pity. I\par
was screwed up, and I had to find some way of fixing myself.\par
You\rquote re not falling for him.\par
You\rquote re not.\par
I found a place to recline and hung my head in my hands. \ldblquote You can\rquote t be,\par
Nila. Think of your family. Think about why you\rquote re here. About your\par
promise.\rdblquote\par
My voice fell around me like the tears I wanted to shed.\par
You know how wrong all of this is.\par
You know what he means to do.\par
I groaned, digging my fingers into my hair and tugging. A single tear\par
rolled down my nose. It hovered on the tip like a jewel, before splashing to\par
the dirt below. \par
At least I was hidden. Jethro wouldn\rquote t find me, and by the time we\par
returned to Hawksridge, I would\rquote ve torn out my heart and destroyed all\par
notions of having feelings for him.\par
I would do what was necessary. What was right.\par
I just hope I have the strength to do it over and over again.\par
Taking a deep breath, I drifted further into the gloom. I liked my hiding\par
spot. I never wanted to leave.\par
You can hide from him, but you can\rquote t hide from your feelings.\par
\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  I scolded myself. \ldblquote Don\rquote t think about him. Not anymore.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If it\rquote s me you\rquote re thinking about\emdash I command you to ignore your\par
advice.\rdblquote\par
My heart flew into my mouth. I spun around.\par
Big mistake.\par
Jethro stood behind me. Scuffs stained his tan jodhpurs and mud\par
splattered his polished high boots. He\rquote d rolled up the cuffs of his billowy\par
sleeve shirt and removed the velvet waistcoat revealing the shadows of his\par
stomach beneath the translucent fabric. His five o\rquote clock shadow was rough\par
and ragged while the bones of his face spoke of stark desire and even\par
starker emotion.\par
My entire body stiffened. My lungs refused to operate, suffocating me\par
inch by inch.\par
His eyes met mine and everything we\rquote d been avoiding crackled with\par
uncontrolled potency. The unseen force was tangible, powerful\emdash almost\par
visible with ribbons of lust that pebbled my nipples and sent a clench of\par
furious desire through my core.\par
His breathing escalated as we stood locked in place, bound together by\par
the swirling cloud of need. We didn\rquote t speak\emdash we couldn\rquote t speak.\par
His tongue licked his bottom lip.\par
Our eyes refused to unlock. The more we stared, the deeper our\par
connection became.\par
I couldn\rquote t look away.\par
His smell of musk and leather shoved me from my dangerous precipice,\par
and I slid down and down into scandal.\par
I\rquote m not falling for him.\par
I\rquote ve already fallen.\par
Jethro sucked in a breath, his fingers opening and closing by his sides.\par
I couldn\rquote t go on like this. Feeling this way. Hating and loving this way.\par
I couldn\rquote t lie anymore.\par
My heartbeat drummed in my ears, behind my eyes, in my every\par
fingertip. My tattoo blazed, the diamond collar tightened, and I knew out of\par
everything that had happened, after everything the Hawks had done, this\par
was the moment where I lost.\par
Right here.\par
Right now.\par
This was why I couldn\rquote t run.\par
This desire.\par
This fate.\par
I fell in love.\par
I turned my back on everyone but myself.\par
I gave up any notion of ever leaving.\par
I moaned low in my chest.\par
Such a simple, subtle whisper.\par
But it was the starting gun to the explosion that was imminent between\par
us.\par
The air went up in flames, gusts of heat erupted as passion singed my\par
very soul.\par
Jethro moved.\par
He propelled himself into me, his large hands capturing my cheeks and\par
holding me prisoner as he walked me backward until I stumbled against the\par
scaffolding.\par
His touch was a bonfire. His hold was freedom and a cage all at once.\par
His forehead crashed against mine, his nose kissing my nose, his breath\par
replacing my breath.\par
In that simple fusion of flavour and souls, we gave up. We gave in. We\par
answered the same pounding conclusion\emdash the same unmentionable\par
dilemma.\par
We can\rquote t do this anymore.\par
His head tilted and I trembled in his hold as his fingers dug painfully\par
into my cheekbones. I panted for his kiss. I moaned for it. Almost cried for\par
it.\par
But he paused for an eternity, breathing hard and fast as if he couldn\rquote t\par
believe the preciousness of what was occurring.\par
This was a gift. A charm. A wish come true.\par
I\rquote d become enraptured by my capturer. My tormentor. My would-be\par
murderer. I only had eyes for him. My heart only beat for him.\par
Where does that leave me?\par
What does this mean?\par
Jethro groaned, his touch trembling as if he\rquote d heard my silent questions.\par
I should\rquote ve had more self-control. I should\rquote ve found a way to stop this.\par
But I shoved away my fears and willingly slid the final slope into\par
madness.\par
I arched my chin, grazing my lips against his.\par
He froze.\par
Then, he melted.\par
His fingers slinked from my cheeks to the back of my skull. I cried out\par
as his tongue tore into my mouth and his hands fisted in my hair. With\par
fingers full of my black strands, he tugged my head back, forcing me to\par
open wider, kiss deeper\emdash give him everything.\par
I\rquote d like to say I retained some resemblance of myself. I\rquote d like to admit\par
that, while I\rquote d fallen, I still knew who I was.\par
But that would\rquote ve been a lie.\par
There was no me without him.\par
No Nila without Jethro.\par
No Threads without Kite.\par
I knew that now.\par
And it butchered me in ways no threats or torture ever could.\par
Tears leaked from my eyes as our lips danced and tongues tangoed.\par
Our murmurs and moans intertwined until the serenade of our desire\par
overshadowed the music from outside and our racing heartbeats. Every\par
sweep of his taste left a glowing fire around my heart, my skin, my soul.\par
He demanded everything but gave more in return.\par
In my arms, I held the real Jethro. The one I\rquote d seen but never believed\par
was true. He was strong and brilliant and kind.\par
And he cared for me. So much.\par
Never untangling our lips, Jethro bent a little and gathered the material\par
of my dress. Shoving it upward, he groaned as I wriggled and helped,\par
forcing the fabric to bunch around my waist.\par
He froze as he found the lace garter and wickedly sharp dirk. His\par
eyebrow raised; very slowly, he slid the blade from against my flesh and\par
held it in his fingertips.\par
I tensed, daring him to berate me for such precautions.\par
His mouth opened to speak then his eyes darkened with approval. \ldblquote Use\par
this wisely\emdash if you need to.\rdblquote  Throwing the blade to jab upright in the dirt,\par
he murmured, \ldblquote But I\rquote ll never give you a reason to use it on me.\rdblquote\par
We fell together again. Our lips melded into one slippery seal. I\par
conquered his body\emdash running my fingers over every inch of him. His\par
nipples peaked as I stroked them beneath his shirt and his back bowed as I\par
reached down and cupped his hot erection.\par
Sweat slicked our skin as our finesse perished, turning into fumbling\par
urgency.\par
With swift hands, Jethro shoved my knickers to my ankles and waited\par
as I kicked them away.\par
His eyes incinerated me as he grabbed my arse and hoisted me, pinning\par
me in his arms against the scaffolding.\par
His lips claimed mine again, eating my every moan. I pressed my\par
fingers into his rock hard biceps, relishing in his strength. Then I lowered\par
my touch to undo the button and zipper of his jodhpurs.\par
His forehead furrowed as my fingers slid inside the dark heat of his\par
boxer-briefs and captured his scalding cock.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to fill you,\rdblquote  he murmured, thrusting into my hand. \ldblquote I\rquote m\par
going to give you what I\rquote ve been told all my life I couldn\rquote t give.\rdblquote\par
I bit my lip as I fumbled with pushing the tight material over his hips. I\par
didn\rquote t need to ask what he couldn\rquote t give me.\par
It was obvious.\par
It wasn\rquote t physical or even emotional.\par
It was more than that.\par
The catalyst of what made us human.\par
The ability to adore.\par
\ldblquote I want to spill inside you, Nila.\rdblquote\par
My eyes snapped shut. My body sung with dark music, twisting me,\par
moulding me into some wanton creature. I opened my eyes and kissed him.\par
\ldblquote What are you waiting for?\rdblquote\par
He positioned me so he could hold me with one arm. With his free hand,\par
Jethro cupped my cheek, running a calloused finger across my lips.\par
\ldblquote Nothing...not anymore.\rdblquote\par
My blood turned into a river of molten hunger.\par
With fumbling hands, I freed his cock, running my thumb over his\par
slippery crown.\par
Jethro threw his head back, rocking into my palm.\par
My mouth watered to lick at the glistening sweat at the base of his\par
throat.\par
I stroked him, harder and faster as pleasure hijacked my body.\par
Jethro shook his head, his eyes squeezed closed. \ldblquote Stop. I\rquote m too\par
close...too fucking close.\rdblquote  His hands clutched at my arse again, spreading\par
me shamelessly, presenting my wet pussy that was so close to his cock.\par
\ldblquote Guide me inside you.\rdblquote  His eyes flashed. \ldblquote Please, Nila. Let me fuck\par
you.\rdblquote\par
Unashamedly, I opened my legs wider.\par
Jethro breathed in my ear. \ldblquote Today, you\rquote re all mine.\rdblquote\par
I bit his lobe, clamping my teeth harder than I intended. He flinched as I\par
whispered, \ldblquote Not just for today.\rdblquote\par
His body shuddered. His movements became jilted and eager.\par
Without a sound, I positioned his cock between my legs and lowered a\par
fraction, angling him inside.\par
Oh, God.\par
My eyes rolled back as Jethro growled, \ldblquote Fuck, you feel so right.\rdblquote\par
The words wrenched me from my stupor, granting me another clue.\par
I didn\rquote t feel good or wet or warm\emdash or any manner of things a man\par
might say to a woman as he entered her.\par
I felt right.\par
Right to him.\par
Home to him.\par
Sucking in a breath, he thrust, sliding inside me.\par
The friction of the scaffold behind me bruised my spine as Jethro held\par
me firmer in his arms. Instinct made me wrap my legs around his hips as he\par
buried himself deeper and deeper.\par
He groaned as I rocked on him. My desire stole the pain of his size,\par
twisting it into a heady aphrodisiac that made me cry out with longing.\par
Every inch of him invaded me\emdash stretching me, claiming me.\par
Jethro bit my neck, trailing teeth down oversensitive skin. \ldblquote I belong in\par
you.\rdblquote\par
I shuddered as his hips pulsed. I couldn\rquote t agree more.\par
His arms tightened as he secured me in his grip; his legs spread further\par
to balance. I knew he was preparing himself for an unrelenting pace, and\par
my unrequited orgasm bloomed into being, eager, aching.\par
He thrust particularly hard, his muscled stomach kissing mine with\par
every stroke.\par
My heart twisted deliciously. I hooked my arms around his neck,\par
holding on and presenting myself completely to this man who held my soul.\par
Then everything else faded.\par
Hawks, Weavers, and all things twisted between us.\par
It was just me and Jethro. Heat and need.\par
He drove into me with powerful strokes, pressing me relentlessly\par
against the scaffolding. My shoulder blades screamed for mercy, but my\par
pussy begged for more.\par
I wanted punishment for falling for him.\par
I needed chastising for going against everything I\rquote d believed.\par
Jethro seemed to understand. Our eyes locked and we drove each other\par
on. Riding each other\rquote s body, hard and brutal.\par
I lost myself in the rhythm, sinking my fingers into his thick hair.\par
Tugging his mouth to mine, I kissed him deep.\par
Our breaths became one; the ache inside my womb increased until I\par
flamed with urgency to shatter. The pain of riding on the knife-edge of an\par
orgasm layered the pleasure, turning it into a sharp almost unbearable\par
delight.\par
Jethro dug his fingers into my arse, driving harder. His voice betrayed\par
where his thoughts were. \ldblquote Only once.\rdblquote  He grunted as he increased his\par
rhythm. \ldblquote Only once can I be this free.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t think straight. I was entranced, mesmerised.\par
What does he mean?\par
A loud groan wrenched from Jethro\rquote s chest as his cock thickened inside\par
me. His shoulders bunched as he bounced me faster in his arms.\par
My muscles tightened as bands of bliss prepared to release.\par
Jethro growled, capturing my mouth. His tongue pulsed savagely in\par
time with his hips. He stole my thoughts. I lavished in the rushing hotness\par
of my blood. Gushing, pushing into my core.\par
My heart bucked in my chest; I couldn\rquote t get enough oxygen. I moaned,\par
tearing myself from his lips to bite his shoulder. His arms trembled holding\par
my weight. He sucked in a breath. \ldblquote Fuck, Nila. I can\rquote t\emdash I\rquote m gonna...\rdblquote\par
I knew where he was. He was in the dark abyss\emdash the depth of pain\par
where he normally lived. Only in the darkness existed stars and comets and\par
lightning bolts just waiting to shatter and shower us with light.\par
\ldblquote Give me everything...\rdblquote  My legs curled around his hips, driving him up\par
the final cliff. I impaled myself as hard and as deep as I could.\par
\ldblquote Christ.\rdblquote  His face tensed. He gave up.\par
I followed him.\par
Our rhythm turned frenzied, fucking and rutting and taking everything\par
we could.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m with you,\rdblquote  I murmured just as my orgasm stole my voice and\par
hurled me into the cacophony of explosions.\par
Jethro\rquote s eyes opened; we drowned in each other. His golden irises\par
glimmered with everything he couldn\rquote t say. The truth was a blazing thing,\par
sharpening the bands of release, twisting my orgasm into something\par
catastrophic.\par
I screamed.\par
It was the only thing I could do to expel the pleasure inside.\par
I was swept away on a galaxy of popping stars. Starburst after starburst,\par
comet after comet. I shattered utterly and completely.\par
Jethro cried out, pressing his forehead against mine as hotness spilled\par
inside. His body quaked as wave after wave of cum filled me. The tender\par
ache in my womb both calmed and strengthened, welcoming him into my\par
body.\par
He\rquote d come inside me.\par
For the first time.\par
On some basic level, I owned him. He\rquote d mixed himself with me. He\par
could never take that back.\par
He was mine as much as I was his.\par
Now and for always.\par
Something else could be yours for being so stupid.\par
I could get pregnant.\par
My heart thudded with panic, but it was overshadowed by lingering\par
waves of pleasure. I would have to deal with that\emdash but not yet.\par
Not now.\par
It seemed as if our release went on forever, but it was only a few\par
moments. A few scrumptious moments that healed and broke us.\par
After the ebbs of orgasm faded, I uncramped my toes and sighed.\par
Jethro unlocked his arms and withdrew. Wetness slid down my inner\par
thigh as I puddled down his heated body. I could barely stand.\par
Jethro shivered, tucking his glistening cock back into his boxer-briefs\par
and zipping up his trousers. He was pulling away already. There was no\par
chance I would let him. He couldn\rquote t give me what he did and then shut\par
down.\par
Straightening my dress and scooping my knickers and dirk from the\par
floor, I said, \ldblquote You know, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
He stilled. \ldblquote Know what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What I was thinking about as you found me.\rdblquote\par
I wasn\rquote t prepared for the way his face softened or how his eyes turned\par
into a warm sunrise of caring. \ldblquote Yes. I know.\rdblquote\par
My heart pitter-pattered with fear. Would he use it as a tool to hurt me\par
further or would he honour that my feelings were sacred and not to be toyed\par
with?\par
He ran a hand through his hair before cupping my cheek and smiling\par
sadly. \ldblquote Thank you, Nila. Thank you for what you\rquote ve just given me.\rdblquote\par
With a single kiss and a heavy sigh, he disappeared.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
THAT NIGHT I had no urge to see Jasmine.\par
No urge to fix myself or try to find my ice.\par
I had no desire to change or hide or do any manner of things I\rquote d done all\par
my life to exist within my household.\par
I was grateful.\par
Beyond thankful.\par
She cares for me.\par
I\rquote d felt it.\par
I\rquote d lived it.\par
She\rquote d poured the truth down my throat and taken all the wrongness\par
inside away.\par
I\rquote d never been so happy than when I\rquote d slid inside her. Never been so\par
completely content holding her in my arms.\par
I lay in bed and smiled, just for the beauty of smiling.\par
I was at peace...for the first time.\par
The only time.\par
I was just...me.\par
Jasmine was right.\par
Nila had the power to cure me.\par
She held something that after today I doubted I could ever live without.\par
To be cared for so deeply.\par
To be wanted so fiercely.\par
Despite all my faults and downfalls, she welcomed me.\par
She gave me a sanctuary deep enough and pure enough to hide in.\par
My eyes burned with thanks. I wanted to shower her with gifts and\par
promises. I relived the intoxicating joy of finding something so treasured.\par
You came inside her.\par
My heart skipped at the thought. It was stupid of me to be so reckless,\par
but in that moment, I couldn\rquote t care less.\par
It was perfect. I had to come inside her. I wouldn\rquote t change a thing.\par
Being with Nila today had allowed me to demolish my walls\f1\emdash be strong\par
enough to drop my guard and take her with nothing bared.\par
I gave her the truth.\par
The truth of who I was.\par
And in return, she gave me the strength to believe there might be a way\par
after all.\par
I might not have to continue hiding.\par
I might finally be free.\f0\par
Nila.\par
MY OLD HEART was broken.\par
It\rquote d been replaced with something not of flesh and blood but diamond\par
and immortality.\par
I\rquote d fallen for a smuggler, a biker\f1\emdash a fiend.\par
I\rquote d fallen for a boy from my past, a man from my future\emdash a friend.\par
For four days after the polo match, I didn\rquote t see Jethro. I didn\rquote t try to\par
find him or turn on my phone to message him. We had things to talk about,\par
but I liked the newly blossomed connection too much to overthink it.\par
I missed him but understood him.\par
Understood what he\rquote d be going through.\par
For four days, I spent most of my time sewing and cutting out patterns\par
for a sequence of gowns that would be the headline pieces of my new\par
design. On a daily basis, my mind hurled profanities at me; reminding me\par
that I lived on borrowed time. That the Hawks were not to be trusted. That I\par
should run and never look back.\par
But my heart argued just as loudly. Encouraging me to believe in what\par
I\rquote d found with Jethro. To trust that I had the power to change our fate. To\par
give us a bit more time.\par
I didn\rquote t know how yet, but there could be a happy ending.\par
There has to be.\par
Hawksridge Hall was quiet\emdash more so than normal. Most of the Black\par
Diamond brothers, including the Hawks, were busy with a large shipment\par
that I\rquote d heard held a pink diamond weighing in excess of eighteen carats.\par
I\rquote d lingered in the dining room long enough to know that such a stone\par
was almost priceless and would fetch untold millions on the black market.\par
At night, I slept in my luxurious bed and pondered all things Jethro. I\par
became self-absorbed\emdash completely wrapped up in my feelings for him.\par
A small part of me hated the woman I\rquote d become. The old Nila would\par
never have removed herself so completely from her family\emdash especially\par
Vaughn.\par
But at the same time\emdash they removed me.\par
And Jethro had taken me in.\par
However, there was no denying that my soul was torn and bruised.\par
Jethro had given me everything beneath the grandstand that day, and by\par
doing so, he robbed me of my hate and the power of injustice that kept me\par
fighting every day.\par
It wasn\rquote t fair.\par
It wasn\rquote t right.\par
But there was no changing the will of a Weaver\rquote s heart.\par
I was alone now. More so than when I\rquote d first arrived.\par
I would never be welcomed back with my family, never be able to\par
return home.\par
Jethro had successfully torn me from my past, stripped me of my mind,\par
and abducted my heart.\par
I wasn\rquote t okay with that.\par
I couldn\rquote t be.\par
And that was why I had to do the same to him.\par
I stroked the diamonds around my neck. I\rquote d come here believing I\par
would never be strong enough to fight. But unbeknownst to Cut, he\rquote d\par
brought a disease into his home. Day-by-day, I undermined his foundations,\par
stealing what was his from beneath him.\par
I had the tools to continue to wreak havoc...all but one, that is.\par
I needed one last thing to make my arsenal complete.\par
It was time to know where Jethro disappeared to.\par
It\rquote s time to find out what exists behind the door on the second floor.\par
I looked at the clock above the fish tank in my room. Just past midnight.\par
I\rquote d heard the men rumble off in a smog of motorcycle smoke an hour\par
ago. If there were any night to investigate\emdash tonight was it.\par
The corridors would be empty, and Daniel would be far away from\par
delivering his threats of harm.\par
Resolution filled my veins. I sat up in bed and swung my legs over the\par
side.\par
It took me two minutes to pull on a pair of yoga pants and slip into an\par
old hoody before collecting my ruby-encrusted dirk and shoving it down\par
my waistband.\par
With my heart thundering, I slipped out the door and padded down the\par
corridor.\par
My ears strained for night prowlers. I tiptoed to every corner and dashed\par
quickly past cameras blinking above the large tapestries.\par
Hawksridge Hall breathed deep and dreamless\emdash vacant of its usual\par
inhabitations, letting me slink beneath the moonlight undisturbed.\par
I found the spiral staircase where Jethro had dragged me up and scurried\par
to the top as fast as I could. If I stood at the bottom and deliberated, my\par
bravery might desert me.\par
My fingertip itched, almost as if it knew this was the floor where Jethro\par
had etched his initials into my skin.\par
I peered above the paintings, locking onto the flashing red lights of yet\par
more cameras. There seemed to be more on this level...protecting\par
something. Protecting what?\par
I did my best to walk beneath them, to try to stay out of range, but I\par
didn\rquote t know the first thing about dodging a security feed.\par
Jethro would know where I\rquote d been.\par
He\rquote d be able to watch my every recorded movement. And even though I\par
feared the retribution I might face, it didn\rquote t stop me from sneaking to the\par
door he\rquote d knocked on.\par
The moment I stood outside, my heart switched from pounding to\par
frantic.\par
What the hell are you doing?\par
What did I think I would do? Knock and ask politely why Jethro came\par
up here when he ran from me? Did I perhaps think I could turn invisible and\par
snoop around a room while the woman I\rquote d heard slumbered?\par
You\rquote re an idiot.\par
I stood there dumbstruck. I should never have come.\par
My lungs stuck together as something rustled on the other side of the\par
door. A soft light seeped through the crack below, bathing the carpet in a\par
warm glow.\par
I swallowed my yelp as a shadow interrupted the light, pausing the same\par
way I had.\par
I took a step back. Stupid. So stupid, Nila.\par
No one in this house was safe to go visiting late at night. I wanted to\par
slap myself for being so stupid. I\rquote d put myself in moronic danger.\par
My fingers reached for my pilfered knife.\par
I turned to leave, fear dousing my blood with ice.\par
The sooner I was back in my quarters, the safer I would be.\par
\ldblquote You can come in, you know,\rdblquote  a quiet feminine voice said.\par
I froze.\par
No one spoke, waiting for the other.\par
A never-ending minute ticked past before the voice came again. \ldblquote I\par
won\rquote t tell and I won\rquote t hurt you. I can see you lurking outside my door. I\par
have a camera mounted outside, so unless you want to run and pretend this\par
never happened, I suggest you come in before my brothers or father find\par
you up here.\rdblquote\par
My stomach rolled; a sickening wave of vertigo crippled me. I stumbled\par
forward, grasping at the wall.\par
I sucked in large breaths, repeating Vaughn\rquote s poem for me.\par
Find an anchor, hold on tight.\par
Do that and you\rquote ll be alright.\par
The spell disappeared as quickly as it had arrived. It pissed me off. I\par
thought I\rquote d learned to control them better. Turned out my body was toying\par
with me. Making me believe I had one less problem to worry about, when\par
in reality, it was just biding its time.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t look well. Come in. Please. Let\rquote s talk.\rdblquote  The soft voice\par
encouraged and seduced and I craved somewhere to sit for a moment.\par
Gritting my teeth, I pressed down on the door handle and entered the\par
room where Jethro visited.\par
My eyes darted around the large space. Lemons and greys and colourful\par
carpets. Sweeping fleur-de-lis silver curtains framed a huge wraparound\par
window with a comfy seat big enough for a whole family of bookworms to\par
curl up on and read.\par
\ldblquote You must be the new Weaver.\rdblquote\par
I bit my lip, spinning on the spot. I missed her in the first sweep. She\rquote d\par
been so still, so well hidden in the welcoming d\f0\'e9cor.\par
I found her sitting beside her bed in a large chair covered by a coral\par
blanket. \ldblquote You needn\rquote t fear. I\rquote ll delete the recording. No one will know you\par
came here.\rdblquote\par
I should\rquote ve relaxed in gratitude. Instead, I stiffened.\par
I stared at the female equivalent of Jethro. Out of all of Jethro\rquote s siblings,\par
his sister looked the most like him. Jethro was the diamond\f1\emdash sharp, faceted,\par
and so pristinely perfect he shot rainbows from every angle. This woman\par
was the mirror image. Her dark hair was sliced with precision, hanging like\par
a silk curtain just past her jaw. Her eyes were more bronze than gold while\par
her round cheeks and full lips were the direct contradiction of sweet but\par
sultry.\par
I drifted forward, stumbling a little as my vertigo played with the\par
outskirts of my vision.\par
The woman didn\rquote t move, just waited for me to go to her.\par
Her fingers locked together in her lap, her entire lower half covered by\par
the plush blanket.\par
When I stood awkwardly in front of her, she motioned toward her bed.\par
The covers hadn\rquote t been turned down and it didn\rquote t look slept in. The crisp\par
yellow of her linen looked like a lemon meringue pie and just as delicious.\par
\ldblquote Sit, please.\rdblquote\par
I sat. Not because of her order, but because my wobbly legs refused to\par
stand any longer. Who was this woman, and why did she look at me as if\par
she knew everything about me?\par
I blushed.\par
Everything?\par
God, I hoped not. How could I face Jethro\rquote s sister if she knew how\par
much I wanted him? How could I look her in the eye knowing I\rquote d had her\par
brother inside me, and despite my conflicted emotions, wanted him every\par
second of every damn day?\par
\ldblquote Do you talk or did you make a vow of silence before entering my\par
room?\rdblquote  The woman cocked her head, her hair cascading perfectly in glossy\par
heaviness.\par
Shaking my head, I swallowed. \ldblquote No. No, vow.\rdblquote\par
We stared at each other. Her assessing me and me assessing her. Two\par
women of similar age, with a man in the centre polluting our right to be\par
strangers. We\rquote d only just met, but whatever we said would be weighed and\par
found wanting, knowing we weren\rquote t on equal footing.\par
The thought depressed me.\par
She held a permanent place in Jethro\rquote s life. He openly adored her\emdash I\par
could tell just by looking at her.\par
I was jealous.\par
I was sad and happy at the same time.\par
I hadn\rquote t come here looking to make a friend, but I hadn\rquote t come here\par
expecting to find her, either.\par
\ldblquote Should we start simple or would you rather get to the heart of the\par
matter?\rdblquote\par
I shifted higher on her bed. \ldblquote I think starting with the truth would be\par
more beneficial. Don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
A ghost of a smile tilted her lips. \ldblquote Ah, now I get it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Get what?\rdblquote\par
She narrowed her eyes. \ldblquote Why my brother is struggling.\rdblquote\par
My heart flip-flopped. \ldblquote Jethro?\rdblquote\par
She nodded.\par
\ldblquote How is he struggling?\rdblquote  I didn\rquote t dare hope for an answer. Could it truly\par
be that easy?\par
The woman laughed quietly. \ldblquote You truly do go for the heart.\rdblquote\par
What does that mean?\par
Was it a simple turn of phrase playing on her last words or had Jethro\par
said I\rquote d captured his heart? I\rquote d tried to ensnare him with my games of\par
seduction and beguile. But perhaps by giving him my love...I\rquote d stolen his in\par
return?\par
Could that be true?\par
Forcing myself to stay present, I asked, \ldblquote Who are you?\rdblquote\par
The woman leaned forward, extending her hand. \ldblquote I\rquote m Jasmine.\rdblquote\par
Mirroring her, I looped my fingers around hers, and we shook slowly,\par
still sizing each other up like an untrusted opponent.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re his sister,\rdblquote  I whispered, breaking our touch and placing my\par
hands in my lap.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m many men\rquote s sister.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You know who I mean.\rdblquote\par
She leaned back, sighing a little. \ldblquote Yes, lucky for you, I do know who\par
you mean. Let\rquote s get the introductions out of the way, shall we?\rdblquote  Running\par
French-tipped fingernails through her hair, she recited, \ldblquote I\rquote m second born to\par
Bryan and Rose Hawk. I chased my older brother into the world as soon as\par
possible, and that fact alone makes us closer than my other two siblings. I\par
love him more than I love myself, and I know what he lives with every day\par
with being the firstborn of a family so steeped in tradition and persecution\par
that it\rquote s become an unhealthy combination. I know what you\rquote ve done to\par
him, and as much as I want to hate you for smashing apart his world and\par
making him struggle more than I\rquote ve ever seen, I can\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe properly. Like a drowning person only interested in\par
air, I was only interested in what Jasmine had to say about her brother.\par
\ldblquote What does he struggle with? And how did my arrival have anything to do\par
with what\rquote s happened to him?\rdblquote\par
Her forehead furrowed as her hands fisted in her lap. \ldblquote Don\rquote t play coy in\par
my domain, Nila Weaver. Don\rquote t come in here and fish for information on\par
my beloved brother in the hope to twist it into a weapon. I don\rquote t hate you,\par
but it doesn\rquote t mean I won\rquote t if you continue to torture him.\rdblquote\par
Wow, what?\par
I held up my hands in surrender. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to hurt him.\rdblquote\par
Liar.\par
I wanted to hurt him by manipulating him to go against his family\emdash to\par
choose me above all others. Even his sister.\par
Did that make me a hateful person? To want to be the one person he\par
loved more than anyone?\par
\ldblquote I...I\emdash\rdblquote  I have feelings for him.\par
The truth danced on my tongue, but I couldn\rquote t admit it. I\rquote d barely\par
admitted it to myself, let alone a woman who looked at me with curiosity\par
and disdain.\par
Jasmine waved away my fumble. \ldblquote Regardless, you\rquote ve already hurt him.\par
And as much as I would like to stop you, it\rquote s your burden now, as much as\par
mine.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Burden?\rdblquote\par
My mind raced, wishing I knew just what we were discussing.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re the one who\rquote s forced him to face an alternative to the way he\rquote s\par
been living. Thanks to you, the other method of coping is no longer\par
working. It\rquote s up to you to give him another.\rdblquote\par
Anger took over my confusion. How dare she layer me with\par
responsibility when I was nothing more than a captive in her home? \ldblquote I think\par
you\rquote re forgetting one important fact. I\rquote m a prisoner of your father\rquote s. I\rquote m a\par
toy for your brother. I have no future thanks to your insane family and have\par
no wish to help one of you.\rdblquote\par
Lying again, Nila.\par
I just hoped she swallowed my fibs better than her brother did.\par
Jasmine leaned forward. It was only subtle, a gentle inclining bringing\par
us closer together, yet I felt her encroachment in every cell. This woman\par
rippled with indignation and righteousness when it came to Jethro. Her\par
unwavering devotion was both humbling and terrifying. \ldblquote Too late. You\rquote re\par
the one who coaxed him into your bed. He fought you. But, from woman to\par
woman, he wasn\rquote t strong enough for you. And that excites and upsets me.\rdblquote\par
My shoulders slouched; her riddles made my head hurt. \ldblquote What exactly\par
is wrong with him? Why does he think he can only live if he surrounds\par
himself in ice and removes himself from any emotion whatsoever?\rdblquote\par
Jasmine sniffed. \ldblquote That\rquote s his secret to tell, and I will not break his trust.\par
And you don\rquote t understand\emdash there is nothing wrong with him. He\rquote s perfect.\par
Just...not perfect for this family.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re of the same blood and seem very close. Are you saying you\par
aren\rquote t fit for this family, either?\rdblquote\par
Jasmine smiled. \ldblquote Smart. I suppose you could say that. Jethro and I are a\par
different breed. Born and bred to the same parents but we inherited a\par
different kind of madness than the rest of my relations.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t want to hurt her, but I needed to know. In over a month that I\rquote d\par
been a ward of the Hawks, Jasmine was the first woman I\rquote d come across,\par
not counting the maids. Why was that?\par
\ldblquote Does your mother live here, too?\rdblquote\par
Jasmine pursed her lips. \ldblquote My mother is of no consequence. Besides, I\rquote m\par
the prot\f0\'e9g\'e9 of Bonnie Hawk. I have more than enough maternal guidance.\rdblquote\par
That was the second time I\rquote d heard of Bonnie Hawk. Kes had told me\par
she was in charge of the family\rquote s expenses\f1\emdash his grandmother.\par
As much as I wanted to meet this elusive woman who held an entire\par
family of men under her thumb, I wanted to stay under her notice for as\par
long as possible.\par
We sat in silence for a time, before Jasmine said, \ldblquote You should go. And\par
don\rquote t tell Jethro you came to see me. He wouldn\rquote t handle that well.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
She stared for a long moment, as if deciding what to divulge. Finally,\par
she said, \ldblquote Because in his mind, we are both his. Both under his protection\par
and both in our own little pockets of reality where he can cope. If he knew\par
we\rquote d met and discussed him, the pressure of keeping us protected would\par
increase.\rdblquote\par
I felt like a parrot as I asked again, \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because, Nila Weaver, he\rquote s been raised having no one to protect him\par
and living in a world where just the hint of being who he truly was meant\par
he could be gone tomorrow. Ever since he could understand the differences\par
between him and our father, he\rquote s lived with the shadow of his own\par
mortality. Cut wouldn\rquote t hesitate, you see...\rdblquote\par
She swallowed, a sudden flare of pain filling her gaze. \ldblquote He\rquote s lived\par
twenty-nine years hiding, because if he didn\rquote t, one day he\rquote d be gone and\par
he\rquote d leave me all alone. Knowing that we had met would only give him\par
something else to fear.\rdblquote\par
My heart pounded with every word she spoke. \ldblquote Fear?\rdblquote\par
Jasmine hunched, her voice drifting to a fateful whisper. \ldblquote Fear what we\par
spoke about. Fear how much of his nature came to light. Fear just how\par
much you knew, because ultimately, it\rquote s not him who has the power to\par
destroy you\emdash but you who has the power to destroy him.\rdblquote\par
\par
By the time I crawled into my bed, my head hadn\rquote t stopped spinning.\par
Jasmine was prickly and wise\emdash an enigma who adored her brother and\par
would do anything to protect him.\par
Her words were an invitation but also a threat to stay away.\par
Would she soften if she knew I\rquote d fallen for him?\par
Would she help me understand him\emdash grant me the help I needed to\par
claim Jethro for my own?\par
She was as confusing as her brother.\par
And I knew our conversation hadn\rquote t ended. I would return. Again and\par
again.\par
Until I learned the truth.\par
But I also had other questions\emdash many, many questions.\par
It hadn\rquote t escaped my notice that she sewed. There\rquote d been an in-progress\par
cross-stitch on her bed, along with a paper chart folded haphazardly. Was\par
she like me and enjoyed the simple creation...or...was it more sinister?\par
Could she be more Weaver than Hawk?\par
And if she was...what did that mean?\par
I tossed and turned, unable to shut off the voices inside my head\par
forming outlandish conclusions.\par
Just as the dawn stole the stars, sleep finally crept over me.\par
But it wasn\rquote t restful.\par
Yet more questions chased me into dreamland.\par
Why did Jasmine never come down from her room?\par
And who truly wielded the power of the Hawks?\f0\par
Jethro.\par
THE WEEK AFTER the polo match passed uneventfully.\par
Tuesday, I went for a hunt on Wings.\par
Wednesday, I saw Nila at breakfast before leaving to hide in my office\par
until sundown.\par
Thursday, I was out late dealing with a special shipment of pink\par
diamonds already purchased and due for delivery to a private yacht docked\par
for one night in Southhampton.\par
Friday, I tried one last time to \lquote fix\rquote  myself, but Jasmine was right. The\par
ice no longer worked, no matter what I did.\par
But I had a better option\f1\emdash a new regimen that Nila had selflessly given\par
me.\par
Saturday, I spent the afternoon with Kes and the Diamond brothers\par
playing poker in the billiards room of the Hall\emdash deliberately giving my\par
heart time to adjust to the life-shattering change of what\rquote d happened\par
between Nila and me.\par
I was ready to admit to myself that my world had changed.\par
It was time to face what I\rquote d been running from all my life.\par
However, the next day smashed my hopes and dreams and hurled me\par
right back into the darkness where I belonged.\par
The last day of the week...the day that belonged to love and\par
togetherness, only brought pain and sadness.\par
Sunday, I received the worst news of all.\par
\par
\ldblquote Jethro, come with me, please.\rdblquote  Cut popped his head into my bachelor\par
wing.\par
I jumped as if I\rquote d been caught red-handed, just like I\rquote d done most of my\par
life whenever he\rquote d appeared out of nowhere. Sliding a pillow over the tiny\par
sharp knife I used to open the old cuts on my soles, I glowered at my\par
unwanted visitor. \ldblquote Come where?\rdblquote\par
Nila had given me hope that soon I could stop hurting myself in such a\par
way, but until I could be sure what she felt for me was irreversible, I had to\par
use something to keep me in check.\par
Ice wasn\rquote t working\emdash pain would have to do.\par
Cut\rquote s gaze fell to my scarred feet. \ldblquote Do you need a session?\rdblquote\par
The concern in his eyes was the key ingredient to how he\rquote d been\par
controlling me for so many years. He made me believe that he was there for\par
me. That he wanted to help me. That I was the chosen one and deserved to\par
inherit all that he had to give.\par
Of course, it was all bullshit.\par
Neither of us could erase what had happened between us that night. The\par
night where we used Jasmine so terribly in a fixing session that we\rquote d\par
stepped over an uncrossable line. I\rquote d refused. Over and over and over again.\par
He\rquote d pushed and pushed and pushed.\par
I\rquote d snapped.\par
I\rquote d almost killed him.\par
And he\rquote d said the words that were a noose around my neck and shackles\par
around my feet for the rest of my days.\par
\ldblquote Do you think your life is a gift? Do you think I can\rquote t take it away? I\rquote ve\par
been so fucking close to killing you, boy. A fraction away from ending the\par
embarrassment of knowing what you are. I only hesitate because I believe\par
you can change. You carry my blood. You cannot be such a disgrace. I won\rquote t\par
let you be such a disgrace.\rdblquote\par
I was only alive because he hoped he\rquote d finally cure me. Every year that\par
passed, he hovered over the birthday cake made especially for his firstborn\par
and contemplated killing me with cyanide.\par
Or a hunting accident.\par
Or a shipment gone wrong.\par
So many ways to dispatch me. I lived in constant awareness of traps and\par
mercenaries ready to steal my God-given right to breathe.\par
All because I didn\rquote t conform.\par
He also told me what would happen if he did kill me. What he would do\par
to not just Jasmine but Kestrel, Daniel, and anyone else I held dear\emdash not\par
that there were many. He couldn\rquote t care less if it meant he would be left with\par
no heir. He believed he was invincible and lacked the fundamental trait of a\par
father: love.\par
He didn\rquote t love his children. Shit, he didn\rquote t even like us.\par
Therefore, we were disposable if we displeased him.\par
That sort of panic...that sort of fear...continued to have a hold on me. No\par
matter my age or strength\emdash I\rquote d lived beneath the shadow of death for so\par
long, I didn\rquote t know any other way.\par
I was a fucking idiot. \par
Placing my feet into a pair of moccasins, I shook my head. \ldblquote Thank you\par
for your concern. But I\rquote m fine.\rdblquote\par
Cut cocked his head. \ldblquote You\rquote re a terrible liar.\rdblquote\par
Gritting my teeth, I stood up and smoothed down my black t-shirt. I\par
wore no colour today\emdash only black. I should\rquote ve known that the colour would\par
bring only darkness.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m still following your orders. I\rquote m still loyal.\rdblquote\par
Cut smiled coldly. \ldblquote For now.\rdblquote  He ran his fingers around his mouth,\par
eyeing me up and down. \ldblquote However, we shall see if you pass the next test.\rdblquote\par
My heart lurched. Tests weren\rquote t new. I\rquote d been made to complete many\par
of them as I grew\emdash to prove that a son like me could become a man like\par
him.\par
\ldblquote What did you have in mind?\rdblquote\par
Skinning an animal while it\rquote s still alive?\par
Hurting another one of the club whores?\par
Cut\rquote s smile sent shivers down my back. \ldblquote You\rquote ll see.\rdblquote\par
I hated when he did this. I never knew if he was walking me out like a\par
horse to be shot or if he genuinely wanted to prove to himself and to me\par
that I was getting better.\par
For a few years, I\rquote d been good. I\rquote d found how to hide myself in\par
blizzards and snow and be everything he wanted me to be.\par
That was before he informed me that Nila was my twenty-ninth birthday\par
present. There\rquote d been no cake that year\emdash no threat of cyanide.\par
Only the detonation of my soul in the form of a woman I couldn\rquote t deny.\par
Forcing a smile, I asked, \ldblquote What about some father and son time? Forget\par
the test. Let\rquote s go for a ride. Talk business.\rdblquote\par
Over the years, he\rquote d schooled me on the running of the empire. Those\par
sessions were the only time he relaxed and enjoyed interacting with me.\par
Although, he wasn\rquote t ready to give up his power\emdash I could tell. Regardless\par
that our customs stated it would be mine soon, I knew it wouldn\rquote t be a\par
simple matter of handing over the throne.\par
\ldblquote No. I have a much better idea.\rdblquote  Cut opened the door wider. \ldblquote Come on.\par
Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\par
My knees locked. Something inside told me to refuse. This test would\par
be worse than everything I\rquote d been subjected to.\par
\ldblquote Perhaps another time. I have to\emdash\rdblquote\par
Go find Nila and indulge in what she feels for me.\par
What would Jasmine say if she knew I\rquote d achieved the impossible? Nila\par
Weaver liked me...possibly even loved me.\par
My stomach tangled with my heart. I\rquote d managed to stay away for six\par
days, but I\rquote d reached my limit. I needed to feel her fight, her goodness, her\par
wet hot heat. I needed to forget about my fucked-up existence and live in\par
hers, if only for a moment.\par
Cut waved his hand. \ldblquote No. This supersedes whatever you were about to\par
do.\rdblquote  Snapping his fingers\emdash a trait I\rquote d adopted\emdash he growled, \ldblquote Come along.\par
It won\rquote t take long.\rdblquote\par
Hiding my nervousness behind the glacial fa\f0\'e7ade I still managed to\par
invoke around my father, I followed him from my wing.\par
Wordlessly, we moved through the house. Every step flared the pain in\par
my feet, giving me something to focus on rather than my whirling\par
imagination of what was to come.\par
The nights were getting longer, encroaching on the sunlight day by day\par
\f1\emdash only seven p.m., yet it was already dusk.\par
I swallowed my questions as Cut moved purposely out the back door\par
and toward the maintenance barn at the rear of the estate. Most people had a\par
shack that housed a broken lawnmower and a few empty flowerpots.\par
Not us.\par
Our shack was the size of a three-bedroom house, resting like a black\par
beetle on the immaculate lawn.\par
The air temperature bit into my exposed arms as we stalked over the\par
short expanse of grass and disappeared into the musty metallic world of\par
saw-dust shavings and ancient tools.\par
Along with servants to ensure our daily needs were met, we also had\par
carpenters, electricians, roofers, gardeners, and gamekeepers. Running an\par
estate such as Hawksridge took millions of pounds per year.\par
The minute we entered, two carpenters who were lathing a chair leg\par
turned off the machine and subtly left the room. Dusk on a Sunday and still\par
the staff worked\emdash our insistence for perfection ran a brutal timeline.\par
\ldblquote Good evening, Mr. Hawk,\rdblquote  one worker mumbled on his way out. His\par
eyes remained downcast with respect, his shoulders hunched.\par
Cut wielded a power that made lesser men\emdash including myself\emdash want to\par
run and hide.\par
When I was in charge, I would change that. I would change many\par
things.\par
Cut moved deeper into the workshop, peering into the other rooms\par
where paintings waited for restoration. Only once he was sure we were\par
alone did he turn to me to follow.\par
With unease building in my gut, I did as ordered and moved into the\par
back room where knick-knacks and miscellaneous childhood toys had been\par
dumped.\par
\ldblquote What is it that you wanted to discuss?\rdblquote  I asked, standing still in the\par
centre of chaos. Deliberately, I pushed my heel harder against the ground,\par
activating a deeper throb from the new cut. It wasn\rquote t that I liked pain. In\par
fact, I hated the stigma and weakness of cutting myself. I didn\rquote t get pleasure\par
from it\emdash but I did get relief from my disease by being single-minded and\par
focused.\par
Cut shrugged out of his leather jacket, placing the embroidered Black\par
Diamond apparel on Jasmine\rquote s old nursery cot. His hair was unruly and\par
grey, his jawline sharp and unforgiving.\par
\ldblquote Show, not discuss.\rdblquote  With a secretive smile, he moved to the large\par
termite-riddled cupboard at the back of the room. He removed an old brass\par
key from his pocket and inserted it into the lock.\par
As I moved closer, my heart stopped beating.\par
It couldn\rquote t be.\par
Yet it was.\par
Cut grabbed the handles of the cupboard and swung the doors wide,\par
revealing what he\rquote d shown me the night of my sixteenth birthday. That\par
same night, he\rquote d made me watch what he did to Emma Weaver. He made\par
me witness video after video of what he\rquote d done to Nila\rquote s mother, all while\par
beating me if I ever dared look away.\par
Sickness rolled in my gut.\par
My hands balled.\par
Palms sweated.\par
Shit. Shit. Shit.\par
Once again, my father had reminded me of my place and how fragile\par
my wants, dreams, and very existence were.\par
My eyes burned as I drank in the age-old equipment passed down\par
through generations. Shelf after shelf of torturous items used in extracting\par
debts from the Weavers.\par
Cut\rquote s face darkened, motioning me forward when I stayed locked to the\par
floor. \ldblquote I think it\rquote s time you and I had a little chat, Jet.\rdblquote  Taking one particular\par
item from the cupboard, I knew what he would make me do.\par
And I knew whatever love Nila felt for me would vanish like it never\par
existed.\par
I couldn\rquote t move, but it didn\rquote t stop Cut from prowling toward me and\par
placing the hated item into my shaking hands. Curling my fingers around\par
the salt shaker, I hated that something so simple could deliver something so\par
unforgivable.\par
My father murmured, \ldblquote You have one last chance, Jethro. Use it well.\rdblquote\par
Ice howled.\par
Snow fell.\par
Blizzards blew like fury.\par
I hung my head and gave in.\par
Motherfucking shit.\par
\par
That was yesterday.\par
A Sunday I would never forget.\par
Today was Monday.\par
A Monday that I wished I could erase.\par
Last Monday had been full of freedom, kisses, and passion; polo and\par
sex and blistering new beginnings.\par
This Monday was full of mourning and pain. Today was the day I\par
became the true heir to Hawksridge because if I didn\rquote t, I doubted I would\par
wake in the morning.\par
Cut hadn\rquote t said as much. But it was what he didn\rquote t say that made the\par
biggest impression.\par
Do this or I\rquote ll kill you.\par
Obey me or this is the end.\par
Cut had seen what I knew he would. He took great pleasure in\par
informing me that he knew I\rquote d fucked Nila. He knew I\rquote d chased after her\par
during half-time at polo, and he knew my allegiances were changing.\par
It\rquote d been a long fucking night.\par
After our talk, he\rquote d forced me to go deep, deep inside. He tore away any\par
progress Nila had made with me and filled me with snow once again.\par
In an odd way, I was grateful.\par
Grateful because without him tampering with my psyche, there was no\par
way in flying fuck I would\rquote ve got through today.\par
I thought I\rquote d had months.\par
I thought I\rquote d been the one in control of when the next payment would\par
happen, but as always...I was wrong.\par
Cut had seen my ultimate plan before I\rquote d even finalised the details.\par
He\rquote d understood my tentative scheming of dragging out the debts until I\par
was thirty. By then, I would\rquote ve been in charge. By then, I might\rquote ve found a\par
way to spare Nila\rquote s life without losing mine.\par
I had the Sacramental Pledge over the Debt Inheritance.\par
I\rquote d put things in place to end this\emdash once and for all.\par
But none of my forward thinking mattered anymore.\par
Today was the day Nila paid the Second Debt.\f0\par
Nila.\par
THE MOMENT JETHRO walked into my quarters, I knew.\par
We\rquote d slept together three times, spent only weeks in each other\rquote s\par
company, yet I knew his soul almost as well as I knew my own.\par
Mystery still shrouded him, still hid so much, but I\rquote d learned to read his\par
body language.\par
I\rquote d learned how to listen to his heart.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  I whispered, clutching the tulle I\rquote d been working on to my chest.\par
Jethro looked away, his face blank and unfeeling. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t need words to tell me what had happened. The truth was far too\par
vivid to ignore.\par
His father.\par
His father had shoved him back into the blizzard and slammed the door\par
in his face. He\rquote d done something to him that wedged a canyon between us\par
and left us with only one thing.\par
The debts.\par
Our emotions were on hold.\par
Our connection severed.\par
My heart sank.\par
I let the lilac tulle slip through my fingers, destroying the carefully\par
pinned pattern of a ball gown that would be my centre piece of my Rainbow\par
Diamond Collection.\par
Last night, I\rquote d formulated a few goals. If I intended to stay at\par
Hawksridge, to finish whatever had begun between Jethro and me, I had to\par
give the outside world an explanation.\par
I had to put an end to the suspicion about what\rquote d happened to me.\par
People were talking. This morning, I\rquote d turned on my phone and\par
browsed a few websites for what they thought happened to me. Scarily,\par
there were a few very close to the truth\f1\emdash it seemed strange that something\par
so incomprehensible could be guessed at so closely.\par
Almost as if someone had been telling secrets that they shouldn\rquote t.\par
Vaughn perhaps?\par
Could he be behind the leaked knowledge? I wanted to ask him but he\par
hadn\rquote t replied to my messages. He\rquote d gone completely silent.\par
Regardless, it didn\rquote t matter. I was stuck here, and I had to find some\par
way to deal with what was out there. It was time to announce a new fashion\par
line, and at the same time, put those rumours to rest.\par
Along with the hunches on my disappearance, I\rquote d also read Jethro\rquote s\par
message that he sent the morning of the polo match. His words were sincere\par
but also full of regret. Would his offer to answer my questions via text still\par
stand\emdash even when he looked at me as if he were dead inside?\par
Pulling extra pins from my cuffs, I shook my head. \ldblquote Jethro...it\rquote s too\par
soon.\rdblquote\par
I thought I\rquote d have weeks yet...months even. You didn\rquote t think\emdash you\par
hoped.\par
If I had known this would happen, I would\rquote ve gone to him sooner. I\par
would\rquote ve forced him to face the truth and discuss once and for all what\rquote d\par
happened between us last Monday. Instead, I\rquote d done nothing but work. I\par
didn\rquote t wander the premises or go for a run. The constant fear of where\par
Daniel lurked had kept me trapped better than any bars or cage.\par
Trembles took over my chilled muscles. \ldblquote Surely there must be a way to\par
stop\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Quiet, Ms. Weaver. I have no patience for your begs.\rdblquote  Stalking toward\par
me, he growled, \ldblquote You know what is expected of you.\rdblquote\par
I searched his gaze for the warmth and golden glow of before.\par
There was nothing.\par
Closing the distance, I wrapped my arms around his frigid body. Once\par
again, his extremities were cold. No heat. No liveliness.\par
\ldblquote Jethro...please...\rdblquote  Nuzzling into his chest, I willed him to feel my\par
panic, to comprehend how terrified I was of paying another debt.\par
He balled his hands. \ldblquote Let me go.\rdblquote\par
I snuggled closer. \ldblquote No. Not until you admit that you don\rquote t want to do\par
this.\rdblquote\par
His fingers landed on my shoulders, prying me away from him. \ldblquote Don\rquote t\par
presume to know what I want.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But it\rquote s too soon! The lash marks have barely healed on my back. I\par
need more time.\rdblquote\par
Time to mentally prepare.\par
Time to steal you away.\par
\ldblquote How do you know the timeline for what will take place?\rdblquote  Leaning\par
forward, he snatched my wrist and dragged me forward. \ldblquote You don\rquote t know a\par
thing about anything, Ms. Weaver. There is no script\emdash no right and wrong\par
when another debt can be taken. It\rquote s time.\rdblquote\par
The cold finality in his voice siphoned into my blood, delivering a\par
vicious vertigo attack. I fell forward as the room flipped upside down.\par
I cried out as I stumbled, swaying to the side only for Jethro to jerk me\par
upright.\par
I hated the weakness inside me. I hated that there was no cure.\par
I would be afflicted all my life.\par
Is Jethro the same?\par
Could whatever he suffer be the same as my vertigo? Incurable,\par
unfixable\emdash something accepted as broken and forever unchangeable?\par
While I swam in sickness, Jethro dragged me over to the ancient\par
armoire where I\rquote d placed my clothes and shoved aside the hangers to reveal\par
the back panel. Pressing hard on the wood, the walnut veneer sprang open,\par
revealing a secret compartment with hanging white calico shifts.\par
I moaned, trying my damnedest to shove aside the lingering after effects\par
of the attack, and struggled weakly as Jethro turned his attention to my grey\par
blouse.\par
Without a word, he undid the pearl buttons, quickly and methodically\par
with no hint of sexual interest or burning desire.\par
My limbs were endlessly heavy. I lamented the unjust fate of my last\par
name as he pushed my stretchy black leggings to the floor.\par
Leaving me dressed only in a white lace bra and knickers, Jethro\par
snagged a calico shift and dumped it over my head.\par
I blinked nauseously as he tugged my arms through the holes as if I\par
were a child.\par
What was going on? Where was the man who\rquote d held me while he came\par
inside me? Where was the softness...the gentleness?\par
The minute I was dressed, he demanded, \ldblquote Take off your shoes.\rdblquote\par
I stared into his gaze, looking for a smidgen of hope. I wanted to reach\par
inside and make him care again.\par
He stood taller, a flicker of life lighting up his features. \ldblquote Don\rquote t.\par
Just...it\rquote s better this way.\rdblquote  He sighed heavily. \ldblquote Please.\rdblquote\par
I tensed to fight. To argue. But his plea stopped me.\par
Ironically, I was the one about to be hurt\emdash made to pay a debt I had no\par
notion of\emdash yet he was the one most in pain.\par
He needed to stay in his shell to remain strong.\par
Despite my misgivings and terror bubbling faster and faster in my\par
blood, I couldn\rquote t take that away from him.\par
I\rquote d fallen for him. What sort of person would I be if I willingly stripped\par
him bare when he wasn\rquote t coping? Even if he\rquote d been tasked to hurt me?\par
Only a stupid, love-struck one.\par
Do something, Nila. It\rquote s you or him.\par
Wrong.\par
Grabbing his hand, I pressed our tattooed indexes together and\par
summoned all my courage. \ldblquote We\rquote re in this together. You told me so\par
yourself.\rdblquote\par
He tensed; his face twisted with unmentionable emotion. Hanging his\par
head, he nodded. \ldblquote Together.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In that case, do what you need to do.\rdblquote\par
We stood awkwardly, both wanting to say things that would break the\par
fragile bravery of the moment, but neither strong enough.\par
Finally, he nodded, and pointed at my shoes.\par
I didn\rquote t argue or reply.\par
Kicking off my jewelled flip-flops, Jethro led me silently out the door\par
and through the Hall.\par
Every footfall sent my heart higher and higher until every terrified beat\par
clawed at the back of my throat. I\rquote d been scared in my life. I\rquote d bawled my\par
eyes out when Vaughn had almost drowned at the beach. I\rquote d become almost\par
comatose with terror when I knew I\rquote d never see my mother again.\par
But this...this marching toward the Second Debt turned my blood into\par
tar. I moved as if I were underwater, suffering a terrible dream I couldn\rquote t\par
wake from.\par
I wanted my twin. I wanted him to make it better.\par
Leaving the Hall behind, Jethro continued to march me over the freshly\par
mowed lawn, past the stables and kennels where Squirrel and a few\par
foxhounds lounged in the autumn sun, and over the hill.\par
His footsteps were interspersed with an occasional limp\emdash barely\par
noticeable. Was he hurt?\par
The shift I wore protected me from nothing. The breeze disappeared up\par
the sleeves and howled around my midriff, creating a mini cyclone within\par
my dress.\par
My trembles ratcheted higher as goosebumps kissed my flesh.\par
\ldblquote What\emdash what will happen?\rdblquote  I asked, forcing myself to stay strong and\par
stoic.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t reply, only increased his pace until we crested the small\par
incline. The moment we stood on the ridge, I had the answer to my\par
question.\par
Before us was the lake where Cut and his sons had fished for trout on\par
his birthday. It was a large manmade creation in the shape of a kidney.\par
Willow trees and rushes graced its banks, weeping their fronds into the\par
murky depths.\par
It would\rquote ve been peaceful\emdash a perfect place for a picnic or a lazy\par
afternoon with a book.\par
But not today.\par
Today, its shoreline didn\rquote t welcome ducks and geese, but an audience all\par
dressed in black.\par
Cut, Kes, and Daniel waited with unreadable stares as Jethro propelled\par
me down the grassy mound and closer to my fate.\par
Cut seemed happier than I\rquote d seen him since I\rquote d arrived, and Daniel\par
sucked on a beer as if we were at his favourite ballgame. Kes had the\par
decency to hide his true feelings behind his mysterious secrecy. His face\par
drawn and blank.\par
Then my eyes fell on the woman before them.\par
Bonnie Hawk.\par
The name came to me as surely as if she wore a name tag. This was the\par
elusive grandmother\emdash the ruler of Hawksridge Hall.\par
Her lips pursed as if my presence offended her. Her papery hands with\par
vivid blue veins remained clutched in her lap. Her white hair glowed as she\par
sat regally, poised better than any young debutant, not an elderly crone. The\par
chair she sat in matched her bearing, looking like a morbid throne with\par
black velvet and twilled claw-foot legs.\par
A staff member stood beside her with a parasol, drenching the dame in\par
shade from the noonday sunshine.\par
It hurt to think the sun beamed upon such a place. It didn\rquote t pick\par
favourites when casting its golden rays\emdash whether it be innocent or guilty\emdash\par
it shone regardless.\par
I looked up into the ball of burning gas, singeing my retinas and\par
begging the sun to erase all memory of today.\par
Bonnie sniffed, raising her chin.\par
Cut stepped forward, clasping his hands in glee. \ldblquote Hello, Ms. Weaver. So\par
kind of you to join us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t exactly have a choice.\rdblquote  I shuddered, no longer able to fight the\par
terror lurking on the outskirts of my mind. Claws of horror sank deep inside\par
me, dragging me further into panic.\par
Cut grinned, noticing my ashen skin and quaking knees. \ldblquote No, you\par
didn\rquote t. And you have no idea how happy that makes me.\rdblquote\par
Turning his attention to his son, he said, \ldblquote Let\rquote s begin. Shall we?\rdblquote\f0\par
Jethro.\par
I NODDED.\par
What else could I do?\par
If I refused, Kes would step in. If I refused, I would be killed.\par
My eyes fell on my grandmother. She hoisted her nose higher in the air,\par
waiting for me to start. Cut had deliberately brought Bonnie to watch\f1\emdash to\par
be there if I failed.\par
I have no intention of failing.\par
I\rquote d managed to stay cold the moment I stepped into Nila\rquote s quarters.\par
Even when she\rquote d looked into my eyes and snuggled into my chest, I hadn\rquote t\par
warmed. I intended to remain aloof and removed until it was over.\par
It was the only way.\par
Cut stepped back, squeezing his mother\rquote s shoulder.\par
Bonnie Hawk looked up at him, smiling thinly. He was her favourite.\par
But just like her son, she couldn\rquote t stand her grandchildren.\par
Jasmine. She stands Jasmine.\par
That was true. If there was anyone who\rquote d excelled in this family and\par
played perfectly in the role she\rquote d been given, it was Jaz.\par
Cut said, \ldblquote Begin, Jet. Pretend we aren\rquote t here if it will make you feel any\par
better.\rdblquote\par
I held back my snort. I never wanted to forget that they were here. If I\par
did, I\rquote d lose any hope of being icy and slip. I\rquote d find a way to take it easy on\par
Nila and avoid certain parts of this debt\emdash just like I\rquote d done with the First\par
Debt and not freezing her the way I should have.\par
Today, there would be no leniency. Today, Nila must be strong enough\par
to face the full brunt of what my family would do to her.\par
Stop avoiding the truth.\par
What you will do to her. You alone.\par
In that instant, I wanted to hand the power over to Kes. Make him do it\par
\emdash so Nila would hate him instead of me.\par
Nila stood quivering beside me. The air was chilly but not cold enough\par
to warrant the chattering of her teeth or blueness of her fingers.\par
She\rquote s petrified.\par
And for good reason.\par
\ldblquote Jethro, I suggest you begin. I\rquote m not getting any younger, boy,\rdblquote  Bonnie\par
muttered.\par
Daniel snickered, gulping down another mouthful of beer. \ldblquote Snap, snap,\par
old chap.\rdblquote\par
Kes crossed his arms, locking away his thoughts completely.\par
I looked to the piece of equipment that had been secured to the pond\rquote s\par
banks. It remained covered by a black cape\emdash for now.\par
Soon, Nila would see what it was, and she would understand what\par
would happen.\par
But first, I had to be eloquent and deliver the speech I\rquote d been taught to\par
memorize since I\rquote d been told of my role.\par
Grabbing Nila\rquote s arm, I positioned her on the patch of earth that\rquote d been\par
decorated with a thick pouring of salt. I\rquote d done the design. The sunrise had\par
witnessed my artistry as I followed an ancient custom.\par
Nila\rquote s eyes dropped to her feet as I pressed her hard, telling her with\par
actions alone not to move.\par
\ldblquote Oh, my God,\rdblquote  she murmured, slapping a hand over her mouth.\par
My wintry ice saved me from feeling anymore of her panic; I locked my\par
muscles as I prepared to recite.\par
The pentagram she stood in gave a giant hint as to the debt she would be\par
paying.\par
Her black eyes met mine, her hair whipping around her face, just like it\par
had when she\rquote d found the graves of her ancestors.\par
It was almost serendipitous that she would pay this debt now\emdash\par
especially after I\rquote d thought that she\rquote d looked like a witch casting a curse on\par
the Hawks.\par
\ldblquote As you can see, Ms. Weaver. You stand in a pentacle star. It\rquote s well\par
known that the five-pointed star represents the five wounds of Christ. It\rquote s\par
been used in the Church for millennia. Yet a reversed pentagram is the\par
symbol of dark magic\emdash a tool wielded by Wiccans and practiced regularly\par
in witchcraft.\rdblquote\par
My family stared enraptured, even though they knew the tale by heart.\par
Nila seemed to shrink, her eyes never leaving the thick rivers of salt\par
penning her in a motif of wickedness.\par
\ldblquote Your ancestor was found practicing the dark arts, for which she\par
escaped severe punishment. In the 1400\rquote s, it was common for poor folk to\par
seek help from those who promised quick riches. They\rquote d be lured into\par
believing a weed would cure boils or a toad would turn them into a prince.\par
Those who had luck with their spell or incantation did more than just seek\par
men or women who practiced magic\emdash they wanted the power for\par
themselves. They became immersed in Wicca and turned their backs on\par
religion.\par
\ldblquote Needless to say, they were caught. Their whereabouts would be noted,\par
their stores of dried herbs confiscated, and the sentence no one survived\par
decreed. They were a traitor to their faith, but they would be given a choice\par
\emdash prove their innocence by drowning, or admit to their sins by burning at\par
the stake and returning to the devil they worshiped.\rdblquote\par
Nila\rquote s pasty cheeks shimmered with cascading tears. Her nose went red\par
from cold and she wrapped her arms around herself, partly to ward off the\par
chill but mostly to keep herself from running.\par
No ropes bound her. She could leave. She could run.\par
But she also knew we\rquote d catch her and I\rquote d have to add another\par
punishment for her disobedience.\par
All that I knew. All of it I understood with one look into her glassy eyes.\par
I even knew she wasn\rquote t aware she was crying\emdash completely enthralled\par
and mortified with where my tale would go.\par
Taking a deep breath, I continued, \ldblquote All of what I said is true. However,\par
it came with rules\emdash like most things.\rdblquote\par
Cut nodded as if he\rquote d personally been there and watched the pyres\par
burning.\par
\ldblquote Destitute people were caught while those wealthy enough weren\rquote t. It\par
didn\rquote t mean that women who dined on cakes and tea and employed servants\par
to wash away their crimes didn\rquote t dally in potions\emdash far from it. They were\par
the most proficient. They sold their concoctions to other well-to-do\par
housewives and bribed any official who dared to ask questions about their\par
faith.\rdblquote\par
I made the mistake of looking at Nila again. Her lips parted and a silent\par
word escaped.\par
Please.\par
Tearing my gaze away, I forced myself to continue, \ldblquote Your ancestor was\par
no different, Ms. Weaver. She blatantly did what she wanted. She brewed\par
so-called elixirs and cast so-called curses. And she did it all from the\par
drawing room of the Weaver household\emdash the same household the Hawks\par
cleaned and maintained for her.\par
\ldblquote A few years passed where she went undetected, but of course, she\par
made a mistake. She suffered the misfortune of creating a potion for an\par
aristocratic friend\rquote s offspring. It didn\rquote t work. Her remedy didn\rquote t heal the\par
friend\rquote s child\emdash it poisoned him.\rdblquote\par
Nila buried her face in her hands.\par
\ldblquote Word got out, and the mayor came knocking. He\rquote d turned a blind eye\par
up until now, but he could no longer ignore her wrongdoings and buckled\par
under the pressure of whispering folk.\par
\ldblquote When he arrived to arrest her, Mrs. Weaver announced she\rquote d been\par
doing it under duress. She was a kind, simple woman with no more power\par
in her blood than the next.\par
\ldblquote Needless to say, the mayor did not believe her\emdash he\rquote d seen with his\par
own eyes what happened to the boy who\rquote d died from one of her vials. But\par
he was on the Weaver\rquote s payroll. If he sent the richest man in town\rquote s wife to\par
the stake, he would kiss his extra salary goodbye. But if he didn\rquote t bow to\par
the wishes of his parish, he could face the noose in return.\rdblquote\par
I swallowed, hating the next part. When Bonnie had told me what\rquote d\par
happened, I\rquote d been almost sick with rage. To think that the Weavers got\par
away with such things.\par
My lips twisted at the ironic truth. Now it was us who got away with\par
murder\emdash right beneath the noses of the law.\par
\ldblquote Mrs. Weaver came up with a solution. She promised it would benefit\par
everyone. Everyone but the Hawks, that is.\rdblquote\par
Nila bowed her head, hunching into herself.\par
Bonnie snapped, \ldblquote Listen, girl. Listen to the disgusting actions from the\par
bloodline who birthed you.\rdblquote\par
Nila\rquote s head came up; her shoulders straightened. Her jaw set and she\par
latched her gaze on mine, just waiting for me to continue.\par
Shoving my fists into my jeans pockets, I said, \ldblquote She told the mayor a\par
secret...a lie. She said it wasn\rquote t her practicing, but the hired help\rquote s fourteenyear-old daughter. She said she\rquote d caught her red-handed selling potions\par
from the kitchens. She fabricated untruths of how my ancestor\rquote s daughter\par
had been swindling and tarnishing the Weavers name for years.\par
\ldblquote The mayor was happy with such a tale. He would have someone to\par
answer to the angry mob and at the same time keep his salary. The Weavers\par
gave him a bonus for his loyalty and the poor Hawk daughter was carted\par
away to be thrown into jail to await trial.\rdblquote\par
Daniel laughed. \ldblquote Get it, Nila. Do you see where this is going?\rdblquote\par
I glowered at him.\par
Cut snarled, \ldblquote Shut up, Dan. This is Jet\rquote s production. Let him finish.\rdblquote\par
Daniel sulked, tossing his empty beer bottle into the reeds by his feet.\par
I sighed; it was almost over.\par
No, it\rquote s not.\par
I still had to extract the debt.\par
I hardened my heart, blocking out everything but the next ten minutes.\par
If I sliced up my day and focused on bite-sized pieces, I could get through\par
this.\par
I would get through this.\par
\ldblquote For a week, she rotted in the cells with barely food or water. By the\par
time the trial came to pass, she was delirious with hunger and disease. The\par
Hawk daughter pleaded her innocence. She stood before a court of twelve\par
and begged them to see reason. She tore apart every conviction against her\par
and argued her case that any right-minded human would\rquote ve seen was all\par
Mrs. Weaver\rquote s doing. But the truth does not set you free.\rdblquote\par
Nila twitched as I said it, her eyes flaring with knowledge from our past\par
discussion on the matter.\par
Looking away, I said, \ldblquote She was sentenced to burn at the stake at\par
sunrise.\rdblquote\par
Nila moaned, shaking her head in horror.\par
Bonnie Hawk muttered, \ldblquote Now do you see why we hate you so?\rdblquote\par
Rushing ahead, I finished, \ldblquote One saving grace was she was granted a\par
choice. The daughter was told she could prove her innocence or admit her\par
guilt.\rdblquote  Moving toward Nila, I wound my fingers in her hair, cursing my\par
heart for tripping as the black strands rippled around my knuckles. \ldblquote What\par
do you think she chose, Ms. Weaver?\rdblquote  I brushed my nose against her throat,\par
doing my utmost to tame my cock from reacting to her delectable smell.\par
\ldblquote Fire or water...what would you choose?\rdblquote\par
Nila shook harder, her eyes like black orbs of dread. She tried to speak,\par
but a croak came out instead. Licking her lips, she tried again. \ldblquote Innocence. I\par
would take innocence.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So, you would prefer to drown by water than be purged by fire?\rdblquote\par
Another tear trickled down her cheek. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, what?\rdblquote\par
Bracing herself, Nila said loudly, \ldblquote I would choose water.\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote Exactly.\par
\ldblquote And that\rquote s what my ancestor chose as well.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
I WAS ABOUT to be drowned.\par
I was to repent for heinous lies, to prove my innocence from witchcraft\par
that I didn\rquote t practice, and perish the way so many innocent girls had done in\par
the past.\par
In the 1400\rquote s, the law system was run by the Church. And the Church\par
had ultimate control. It didn\rquote t matter that they sentenced a young girl to\par
death. It didn\rquote t matter that she was innocent. Even if she chose trial by\par
water, she would still end up dead.\par
The proverb from those days came back to haunt me.\par
Ye innocent will float upon their demise while ye guilty will sink just like\par
their dirty souls.\par
Both scenarios ended in death.\par
There was no justice\f1\emdash only a deranged mob looking for entertainment\par
by heckling and ripping a young girl\rquote s life apart.\par
Shaking my head, I tried to rid the images inside my brain.\par
Jethro vibrated before me, his back to his family, his eyes only for me.\par
Beneath the golden ice lurked a need for me to understand. To forgive\par
him for what he was about to do.\par
How could he ask me that when I didn\rquote t know if I would survive?\par
If you do go to your grave today, don\rquote t condemn him any more than\par
what he is.\par
Somehow, I\rquote d gone from martyrdom to just being a martyr\emdash still unable\par
to hurt him\emdash even while he hurt me.\par
I nodded\emdash or I tried to nod\emdash I was so stiff my body barely moved.\par
Jethro\rquote s nostrils flared. He saw my acknowledgement, my permission to\par
proceed.\par
You\rquote re insane.\par
Maybe you are a witch.\par
You seem to believe you\rquote re immortal and can\rquote t be killed.\par
That might be true. In that moment, I wished it were true.\par
With his back straight and legs spread, Jethro asked the question I\rquote d\par
been waiting for. \ldblquote Do you repent, Ms. Weaver? Do you take ownership of\par
your family\rquote s sins and agree to pay the debt?\rdblquote\par
I almost collapsed I shook so hard. It was the exact same question\par
Jethro made me answer before extracting the First Debt.\par
Before I replied, I had a question of my own. Looking directly at\par
Bonnie Hawk, I asked, \ldblquote When I first arrived, I was told I would be used\par
callously and with no thought. I was told the firstborn son dictated my life\par
and that there would be no rules on what he did with me.\rdblquote  My voice\par
wobbled, but I forced myself to go on. \ldblquote Yet, everything you do follows\par
strict repetition. Re-creating the past over and over again. You\rquote re bound by\par
what happened as much as us. Surely you\rquote re powerful enough to tear up\par
such guidelines and find it in your hearts to let go.\rdblquote\par
My hands balled as anger shot fierce and hot. \ldblquote Let this madness end!\rdblquote\par
Bonnie\rquote s mouth parted half in amazement, half in joy.\par
Her hazel eyes twinkled as she leaned forward, pointing a knobbly\par
finger in my direction. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get something straight, young lady. My\par
grandson is bound, as you say, by records kept for hundreds of years. He\par
has to follow each one perfectly. But the rest\emdash anything outside of paying\par
the debts\emdash that is purely at his discretion.\rdblquote\par
She cocked her chin, looking at Jethro.\par
He stood frozen.\par
\ldblquote He is the one who decides if you\rquote re to be kept apart or shared. He is\par
the one who decides if you deserve leniency for obedience or punishment\par
for insubordination.\rdblquote\par
Her dry lips pulled back over cavity-riddled teeth. \ldblquote There is something\par
you don\rquote t know, Nila Weaver. And normally I wouldn\rquote t tell a guttersnipe\par
like you what conversations go on within my family, but it should make you\par
grateful to know. Do you want to know, child?\rdblquote\par
The wind stole my hair, snapping it around me like black lightning.\par
Standing in the pentacle seemed to summon powers I didn\rquote t have\emdash\par
transferring ancient magic that should remain dead and buried. The back of\par
my scalp prickled; I inched closer to the edge of the salt, needing to leave.\par
\ldblquote Yes. I want to know.\rdblquote\par
Shooting a look at Jethro, I tried to imagine the conversations he had\par
with the people he held most dear. Was there anyone he let himself be free\par
with?\par
Just his sister.\par
I knew that from the way Jasmine spoke of him. He lived with a large\par
family yet remained so alone.\par
Bonnie took a shallow breath. \ldblquote Jethro came to me a few days after your\par
arrival with a request to keep you to himself.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Grandmamma\emdash\rdblquote  Jethro began.\par
Bonnie glared at him. \ldblquote No. I can tell her. Perhaps she\rquote ll obey you better\par
and we can move on before the moon rises.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s nostrils flared as he nodded, looking over his grandmother\rquote s\par
shoulder, removing himself from the conversation.\par
Bonnie waggled her finger at me once more. \ldblquote Your arrival was meant to\par
be celebrated. You were a gift for my son and grandsons. You were meant\par
to be shared.\rdblquote  Her lips spread broadly. \ldblquote Do you understand what I\rquote m saying\par
to you, child?\rdblquote\par
Sickness rolled in my gut.\par
Yes, I knew what she referred to. Jethro had said as much when he made\par
me crawl like a dog to the kennels. He\rquote d said I was to be passed around.\par
But it never happened.\par
My eyes flew to him.\par
Even then...even when he was so awful, he was protecting me from\par
worse.\par
The sickness disappeared, replaced with an intolerable ache inside my\par
heart.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I understand what you\rquote re saying.\rdblquote\par
Bonnie Hawk sat back, dropping her bony hand. \ldblquote Good. You\rquote d be wise\par
to remember that. Remember that we have rules but freedom, guidelines but\par
exceptions, but most of all, immunity against whatever we please to do.\rdblquote\par
Cut cleared his throat, moving forward and stealing the limelight.\par
\ldblquote Enough.\rdblquote  Snapping his fingers at his son, he ordered, \ldblquote Jethro. Ask the girl\par
the question again.\rdblquote\par
My back tensed. The breeze died, untangling itself from my hair and\par
letting it drape like a death shroud over my shoulders.\par
Oh, God.\par
My feet tingled to be free from the pentagram, but at the same time, I\par
didn\rquote t want to move. Perhaps I was safe inside this five-pointed salt etching.\par
Perhaps whatever pathway was conjured could steal me away and protect\par
me from the Second Debt.\par
She was only fourteen.\par
The Hawk girl had died to protect my ancestor. She would\rquote ve been\par
petrified and so betrayed. Why was I any better than her? Why did I deserve\par
to be freed when she was killed for a lie?\par
I swallowed as Jethro faced me completely. His hands were fisted by his\par
sides, his face blank and cold. \ldblquote Do you repent, Ms. Weaver? Do you take\par
ownership of your family\rquote s sins and agree to pay the debt?\rdblquote\par
His voice echoed in my ears. I wished he were asking me anything but\par
that. I fantasised about a different question. So many different questions.\par
Do you want to run away with me?\par
Can you forgive my family for what they\rquote ve done?\par
Have you fallen for me, like I\rquote ve fallen for you?\par
Infinitely better questions. But ones I would never hear.\par
I\rquote d delayed as much as possible.\par
I had nothing left to do but get it over with.\par
Bracing myself, I locked eyes first with Jethro then with each member\par
of his deluded family. He didn\rquote t need to ask me twice\emdash regardless of my\par
stalling. I knew my role\emdash my part in these theatrics.\par
If there was any power at all in the pentacle, I summoned it now. I\par
summoned age-old wizardry and asked for one thing:\par
Let me endure, so I may pay the sins of my past. But let me survive, so I\par
may put an end to those who hurt me.\par
The wind howled, fluttering the hem of my shift...almost in answer.\par
Balling my hands, I said, \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  My voice carried loud and clear with a\par
touch of defiance. \ldblquote Yes, I accept the debt.\rdblquote\par
Cut\rquote s forehead furrowed as if he were pissed with my strength and\par
ownership of something so terrible. He looked robbed. He looked furious.\par
Jethro, on the other hand, looked stricken. His face went white and he\par
nodded. \ldblquote In that case, let\rquote s begin.\rdblquote\par
I closed my eyes, taking one last moment to fortify my soul.\par
You can get through this, Nila.\par
You can.\par
They won\rquote t kill you. Not yet.\par
Another bout of shivers overtook me. It could be entirely possible that\par
after this, I would wish they would. I might want them to kill me and put\par
me out of my misery.\par
Jethro gritted his jaw and moved toward the ominous looking\par
contraption that remained hidden beneath a black cloth. Every time the\par
breeze caught the edge, I tried to see what it was. The brief glimpses of\par
wood and leather gave me no hint.\par
Wrapping his fist in the fabric, Jethro tore it off with a flourish.\par
My heart instantly suffocated.\par
I stepped back, scuffing the salt line and breaking the pentacle\par
boundary. Thunder boomed on the horizon; heavy clouds inched closer.\par
I\rquote d seen one of those things\emdash a long time ago\emdash in a book called Fifty\par
Ingenious Ways of Torture. Vaughn had checked it out from the local\par
library. I\rquote d hated the book so much. He\rquote d chased me around the house with\par
it, flicking pages of blood and gore and absolute pain.\par
I didn\rquote t need water to drown me. My fear did that spectacularly well on\par
its own.\par
It was a seesaw.\par
A terrified giggle bubbled in my chest. I liked seesaws. V had doublebounced me more than once as we played on them as children.\par
But this wasn\rquote t just any seesaw.\par
This one destroyed all happy memories of ever being on one. I would\par
never ever go on another.\par
Not after today.\par
Not after this.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t look at me, stroking the end closest to him\emdash what looked\par
like a simple tree-trunk. It\rquote d been carved into a smooth post with leather\par
handholds hammered into the wood.\par
There were four straps in total.\par
My eyes followed the length of the seesaw, taking in the fulcrum before\par
gritting my teeth and forcing myself to stare at the other end.\par
That was where I would go.\par
That end wasn\rquote t smooth or basic. It\rquote d been modified. It was...it\rquote s a chair.\par
A simple wooden chair with cuffs for wrists and ankles. There were no\par
cushions, no luxury\emdash a prison cell suspended over the deep lake. It faced\par
toward the pond, barring me from seeing what would happen on shore.\par
It was worse than any whipping post or dungeon.\par
Jethro leaned on the wooden joist, tilting the pendulum to sway the\par
chair from the glistening water. It moved as if it was possessed, floating\par
effortlessly, swinging toward me as if it knew I was the one destined to sit.\par
I moved back, tripping over my feet in my rush.\par
I bumped into something solid and warm. Jumping, I swallowed my\par
squeal as Kes\rquote s strong fingers came around my shoulders, rubbing me with\par
his thumbs. \ldblquote Trust us. We won\rquote t let you drown. We know you\rquote re innocent\par
of witchcraft and don\rquote t need to prove that by taking your life.\rdblquote  His voice\par
lowered, barely registering in my ears. \ldblquote Hold your breath and let your mind\par
wander. Don\rquote t fight. Don\rquote t struggle.\rdblquote\par
His circling thumbs made me want to vomit. His kind-heartedness only\par
made this worse. Jerking out of his hold, I stood shivering in my shift.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t touch me.\rdblquote\par
His eyes tightened with hurt, and for some inexplicable reason, I felt as\par
if I owed him an explanation.\par
I\rquote m so cold.\par
Fear had stolen everything.\par
I\rquote d never quivered so badly\emdash never been so terrified. My teeth chattered\par
harder and I bit my tongue accidently. Pain flared, a trickle of blood tainting\par
my mouth.\par
Jethro came up beside me. He held out his hand. \ldblquote Ready, Ms. Weaver?\rdblquote\par
No.\par
I\rquote ll never be ready for this.\par
I paused, swallowing blood and every urge to beg.\par
If we were alone, I would\rquote ve toppled to my knees and wrapped my arms\par
around his waist. I would\rquote ve had no decorum or self-control. I would\rquote ve\par
promised anything, given him everything, if only he put a stop to this.\par
Please, don\rquote t do this.\par
His eyes narrowed, glinting with anger. His family watched our every\par
move. \par
That was it, then. There was no way out. He was resigned to this. And\par
so must I.\par
Dropping my head, letting a curtain of ebony hair block me from this\par
world, I nodded.\par
\ldblquote You need to say it,\rdblquote  he muttered. \ldblquote Say it out loud. Admit that you\par
deserve this.\rdblquote\par
Closing my eyes, I died a little inside. Forcing myself to raise my hand,\par
I presented myself to him.\par
Jethro stole my wrist; his cold touch seeped like permafrost into my\par
already freezing body.\par
With a tug, he stole me from the pentagram and dragged me toward the\par
chair. \ldblquote You still haven\rquote t said it, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
My panic had become physical, slapping a gag over my mouth. I\par
struggled with the word. One simple little word.\par
Stepping toward the chair, I whispered, \ldblquote Yes. Yes, I admit I deserve\par
this.\rdblquote\par
Jethro made a strangled noise in his chest.\par
I closed my eyes.\par
It was done.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
TYING HER DOWN was one of the hardest fucking things I\rquote ve done.\par
Not because my family were watching and I had no way of fucking up\par
the debt.\par
And not because my heart dripped with icicles and frost.\par
And not even because I was so fucking close to snapping and showing\par
everything that I was.\par
But because I\rquote d promised myself the next time I restrained her, I would\par
be granting her pleasure not pain.\par
I\rquote d wanted her to writhe beneath my tongue while she was bound. I\par
wanted to taste her as she came apart while suspended. And I wanted her\par
delicious moans to fill my ears while she was trapped.\par
I wanted her to give in to me. To trust me. To give me every single\par
pleasure she could feel.\par
When I\rquote d fucked her in her quarters that second time, I\rquote d made a vow to\par
take her completely. To take her my way...all the way.\par
That meant getting inside her head, her heart, her mind. I wasn\rquote t\par
satisfied with owning her body. It didn\rquote t give me what I craved. Only her\par
complete submission and immeasurable love could do that.\par
I would\rquote ve taken days. Days to extract everything she had to give me.\par
The word \lquote torture\rquote  came from the origins to twist. I would\rquote ve twisted Nila\rquote s\par
emotions so she\rquote d carry me forever in her heart. I would\rquote ve made a home\par
inside her so I could be finally fucking free.\par
She could give me a cure no one else could grant. She could switch\par
every pain I had into something...more.\par
I wanted more.\par
I wanted everything.\par
And now, I would have nothing.\par
Now, she would forever associate being tied up as something to be\par
avoided, especially by me.\par
Her rapid breath fluttered over my face as I bent over her and pressed\par
her forearm against the armrest.\par
The white shift didn\rquote t hide the ghost of her lingerie, nor the peaking of\par
her nipples. Her skin was cold, her lips growing bluer by the minute.\par
She hadn\rquote t even been in the lake and already she looked hypothermic.\par
She\rquote s as cold as me.\par
The leather slipped a few times from my grip as I fumbled to feed the\par
buckle. Luckily, my back blocked my motions from my father\f1\emdash otherwise\par
he would see my frost was thawing. He would see the haunting in my eyes\par
of being so close to this woman while she hated me.\par
Nila was the culprit\emdash my undoing.\par
She melted me.\par
She was the fucking sun. And I was about to splash out her heat.\par
Once her wrists were shackled, I ducked to attend to her ankles. Her\par
legs jostled as her shaking grew worse. Her teeth chittered and chattered,\par
her hair sticking to the cold sweat dotting her brow.\par
I hesitated a moment too long. Reaching out, I wrapped my fingers\par
around her leg, preparing to fasten the cuff.\par
She gasped, dragging my eyes to her.\par
Fuck.\par
It was a terrible mistake to look at her.\par
She looked so small. So easily broken. Her eyes were too wide for her\par
face; her skin stretched over bones that might shatter if she became any\par
colder.\par
I tried to look away.\par
I tried.\par
But I couldn\rquote t.\par
Our gazes locked; I groaned under my breath as the connection between\par
us only strengthened. The diamond collar around her neck sparkled even as\par
the clouds above us blotted out the sunshine and gathered dark grey.\par
Nila stopped shivering, almost as if she found sanctuary in my gaze.\par
I stopped fighting, almost as if she tamed the insanity inside me.\par
What was this...this tether? How had she captured me so completely,\par
and how the fuck did I sever it?\par
The deeper I fell into her, the worse it got.\par
Her panic siphoned into my soul, twisting my gut until I wanted to\par
vomit. Her flesh turned white as the moon and just as ethereal.\par
In the starkness of what was about to happen, she\rquote d never been so\par
beautiful, so bewitching, so intense.\par
My knees wobbled, itching to kneel before her and place my head in her\par
lap. To just rest...and pretend none of this existed. To have her comfort me.\par
Cut growled under his breath, smashing through our moment, rendering\par
it dead.\par
Nila sniffed, tears glossing her eyes.\par
The link between us had been so bright, but now it was back to\par
darkness.\par
You\rquote re running out of time.\par
Gritting my teeth, I forced myself to work faster. My fingers moved\par
swiftly, securing the buckle around her left ankle.\par
I looked up one last time. Needing her to know that I\rquote d come to her full\par
of nothing, but now she\rquote d filled me with everything.\par
She looked into my eyes, then glanced away.\par
I wanted to tell her I was sorry. I wanted her to see in my gaze what I\par
could never say aloud.\par
Forgive me.\par
With a soft moan, she closed her eyes, cutting me off completely.\par
Her dismissal butchered my heart, dug it out with a dirty blade, and sent\par
it splashing into the pond. The hole left behind filled with algae, water, and\par
bracken. I was a fucking bastard. I should stop this.\par
But I won\rquote t.\par
I wanted what I\rquote d inherit on my thirtieth birthday. I was selfish, greedy,\par
and vain. I wanted Nila, too. I believed I could have both.\par
If only I had more time.\par
You don\rquote t have more time. Not today.\par
Securing her other ankle, I stood.\par
I waited for her to look at me\emdash to give me some sign she understood\par
that we were in this together. That despite what I did, the tattoos overrode\par
my loyalty to my family and bound me to her.\par
My Weaver.\par
Her Hawk.\par
I waited another second, and another.\par
But she never opened her eyes. Her forehead furrowed harder, her fists\par
curled tighter, and she withdrew from me until there was no emotion left\emdash\par
just a tiny dying star that once had shone so bright.\par
Leaving me heartless and bleeding, she gave me nothing else to do.\par
I slipped into my role as torturer and began.\f0\par
Nila.\par
PLEASE, GRANT ME strength.\par
Please, grant me power.\par
Please don\rquote t let me scream.\par
Fettered to the chair, I kept my eyes squeezed as tight as possible\f1\emdash so\par
tight\emdash no light entered, no swirling colours from behind my eyelids. Just\par
pitch black darkness.\par
When Jethro looked at me with agony in his gaze, I\rquote d pitied him. He\par
held so many secrets in his golden depths. So many rights. So many\par
wrongs.\par
I could have a lifetime with him and never understand.\par
But in that moment, I did understand, and I both despised and bled for\par
him. He was supposed to give me strength by making me hate him. I\par
wanted to rue him as much as I did the day I found my ancestor\rquote s graves.\par
Hate would\rquote ve kept me warm and alive.\par
But he\rquote d stolen that by looking destroyed, crippled with conflicting\par
loyalties.\par
It made me fall harder.\par
It made me slam to the bottom of my feelings for him.\par
I wanted to praise him for letting me into his heart. I wanted to tell him I\par
had the capacity to love him in return.\par
But I didn\rquote t.\par
I couldn\rquote t.\par
He didn\rquote t deserve it.\par
And then, I found my hate again.\par
I hated him for being too weak and not going against his family.\par
I cursed him for not having the courage to choose.\par
Why should he choose me?\par
He barely even knew me.\par
But souls were wise things. They always knew before the brain or the\par
heart. There was no discriminating\emdash if you saw your perfect other...you\par
knew\emdash instantly.\par
There was something there from the beginning.\par
Just like there had been for us.\par
And it would remain there until Jethro successfully tore it out and killed\par
it.\par
Because even though we were linked by this fragile, fluttering thing, it\par
wouldn\rquote t take much to ruin. It was already on the brink.\par
He\rquote s sentenced me to pay the Second Debt.\par
How many more would he carry out?\par
Did I trust him to be strong enough to end this before my life was\par
stolen?\par
Looking over my shoulder, his family glowered at me as if I\rquote d killed\par
their loved ones with a barely spoken curse. They watched with trepidation\par
\emdash as if they believed I\rquote d descended from the witch they hated and would\par
turn them to toads at any second. \par
Superstition perfumed the breeze. Hate bloomed from the roses. And\par
impatience spiced the water lilies.\par
I missed the intimacy of the First Debt. I missed the throbbing\par
chemistry between Jethro and me even while he did something so wrong. It\par
had just been the two of us. Together.\par
Now, it was just me against them.\par
\ldblquote Do you know what this is, Ms. Weaver?\rdblquote  Jethro asked, stealing my\par
attention.\par
I pressed my lips together. My neck hurt from straining to look over my\par
shoulder.\par
When I didn\rquote t answer, Jethro recited, his voice silted and cool. \ldblquote You\rquote re\par
sitting in a ducking stool. It was used traditionally as a torture method for\par
women. Its free-moving arm swings over the river to extract truth and\par
confessions by ducking into the freezing cold water.\rdblquote\par
He looked away from me, pacing between the reeds. \ldblquote The length of\par
immersion was decided by the operator and the crime of which the woman\par
was accused. It could last for just a few seconds, but in some circumstances,\par
the process was continuously repeated over the course of a day.\rdblquote\par
He faced me. \ldblquote Do you know the crimes the ducking stool was used\par
for?\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t answer. I refused.\par
I made an oath not to scream. I refused to entertain them with my cries.\par
Kes came forward, answering on behalf of Jethro. \ldblquote Most common\par
crimes were prostitution and witchcraft. Scolds were also punished by this\par
method.\rdblquote  His lips tilted. \ldblquote Know what a scold is, Nila?\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stop my head from shaking.\par
Shit, I didn\rquote t mean to react.\par
Jethro\rquote s eyes narrowed, his chest rising sharply.\par
\ldblquote A scold was a gossiper, shrew, or bad tempered woman,\rdblquote  Kes said.\par
Jethro glared at his brother. \ldblquote Even though I have experience with your\par
temper, Ms. Weaver, I cannot say you are a scold.\rdblquote  Running a hand through\par
his hair, he finished, \ldblquote Regardless, this is to show you how death by water\par
can be one of the most frightening things of all. This is how my ancestor\par
died. This is how you will pay.\rdblquote\par
Snapping his fingers, Jethro ordered, \ldblquote Turn your head. Look away.\rdblquote\par
Another avalanche of fear tumbled through me. I couldn\rquote t do this!\par
\ldblquote Turn around, girl!\rdblquote  Cut snapped.\par
I don\rquote t know how I did it, but I slowly resettled on the hard wooden\par
seat, and tore my eyes from Jethro. The pond before me twinkled like cold\par
jewels\emdash blue and green and black.\par
My heart grew bigger and bigger in my chest until it filled every inch. I\par
couldn\rquote t breathe. I couldn\rquote t think. I couldn\rquote t blink.\par
Noise came from behind me; I had to fight every instinct to look.\par
Trust in Kes. He said they wouldn\rquote t drown me. \par
Suddenly, the chair swooped upward. It went from being glued in the\par
mud to flying high over the earth. I gasped, smashing my lips together to\par
contain my scream.\par
No. No, no, no.\par
My fingers had nothing to hold onto. My wrists kissed the wood, held in\par
place by tight leather. My legs couldn\rquote t move. I was well and truly caught.\par
The ducking stool wobbled as whatever force held me up readjusted to\par
my weight. The breeze was stronger up here, whistling over the water like\par
tiny mournful flutes.\par
The view would\rquote ve been idyllic with the weeping willows and ducks\par
preening on the banks. But I was caught in my worst nightmare.\par
I didn\rquote t want to see anymore.\par
Squeezing my eyes, I wished I\rquote d been blindfolded. I didn\rquote t want to\par
witness what was to come.\par
Don\rquote t open your eyes. Don\rquote t open them.\par
Someone\rquote s hands brushed against my ankles. A mechanism was locked\par
then another swoop higher and higher sent my stomach splattering to my\par
toes.\par
I\rquote d been in theme parks before\emdash I\rquote d ridden a rollercoaster once in my\par
life. Once was more than enough, even though V adored the loop de loop. I\par
didn\rquote t understand his joy of making himself dizzy when I lived that way\par
every day.\par
I\rquote d found no thrill in being bound to an uncomfortable ride, listening to\par
the clack-clack of the rollercoaster wheels as we clawed our way higher up\par
a mountain of track. Every clatter of the rails sent equal measures of panic\par
and excitement...until we reached the top...and just hovered there.\par
We\rquote d hovered like a bird, basking in being on top of the world.\par
That was where I hung now.\par
Gravity defying\emdash a girl in a white dress suspended above a dark green\par
pond. A girl who would\rquote ve done anything to have been born a Smith or a\par
Jones or a Kim.\par
And then the rollercoaster slipped from weightless to bullet, freefalling\par
over the mountain and hurling me into terror.\par
I promised myself I wouldn\rquote t scream.\par
It was a hard promise to keep.\par
The chair lost its support, leaving my belly above me as I fell and fell\par
and fell.\par
Forever I fell, before splashing into frigid wetness.\par
The moment the water lapped around my ankles, I gave up trying to be\par
brave.\par
The water slurped and sucked, devouring my legs in an instant.\par
The human part of me\emdash the girl inside\emdash was shoved aside by instinct\par
and horror.\par
I squirmed, gasping louder and louder as the ice welcomed me, faster\par
and faster. The wooden chair surrendered to the water, letting it lap its way\par
almost seductively up my legs, over my waist, my breasts, my throat...my...\par
...mouth.\par
I arched my neck as best I could. I fought against the pond\rquote s embrace.\par
I managed one last gulp of life.\par
Then, I disappeared.\par
I became a prisoner of the lake.\par
I promised myself I wouldn\rquote t scream.\par
I lied.\par
The instant the water crashed over my head, I lost it.\par
Well and truly lost it.\par
My eyes flew open in the murky gloom and I screamed.\par
I screamed as if I would die. I screamed as if my body was being torn in\par
two and eaten alive. I screamed as if this was the end.\par
Bubbles cascaded from my mouth, gifting all my oxygen to a passing\par
trout in a riot of glistening froth.\par
I promised myself I would stay calm. That I would listen to Kes\rquote s\par
advice and get through this with complete trust, knowing that eventually I\par
would be hoisted back up.\par
That was another lie.\par
I had no understanding of time.\par
Seconds were minutes and minutes were years.\par
I bobbed in a substance that would kill me with no way free.\par
It was enough to send me into insanity.\par
I didn\rquote t care I could break an arm or leg fighting against the securely\par
buckled straps. I didn\rquote t care I could snap my neck by thrashing hopelessly\par
in the chair. And I definitely didn\rquote t care I could break my mind by letting\par
the horror of being drowned consume me.\par
I couldn\rquote t stand it.\par
I\rquote m dying.\par
I can\rquote t fucking stand it!\par
And then, just like any rollercoaster, another incline halted the fatal\par
swoop and hurled me back into the heavens once again.\par
The weight of the water pressed down on my skull and shoulders. My\par
eyes burned from rushing water. The pressure. The unrelenting grip the lake\par
had on me. It fought the pull. It didn\rquote t want to let me go.\par
The sodden material of my gown sucked to my skin as my chair was\par
raised and raised until...\par
Pop.\par
The water relented, letting me break the skin of the pond and leave a\par
watery death behind.\par
Thank God\emdash I can breathe!\par
Up and up I swooped, spluttering and dripping rain from above. I\par
breathed and coughed and choked and sobbed.\par
I sucked in air as if I only had one purpose in life: to revive myself and\par
regain my sanity.\par
My heartbeat was frantic\emdash palpating, double beating\emdash far too fast and\par
petrified.\par
My long hair plastered to my face. Every mouthful of oxygen I sucked,\par
strands smothered my mouth. More panic screeched through my veins. The\par
claustrophobia was more than I could bear.\par
Through the forest of my hair, I had to see behind me. I had to look at\par
Jethro and let him see how much I\rquote d unravelled. I wouldn\rquote t be able to stand\par
another dunk.\par
I won\rquote t.\par
Quaking, I looked over my shoulder. My hair tugged, plaiting wetly\par
around my throat as I focused on the banks.\par
Through drips of water, I vaguely noticed the four Hawk men. All four\par
had their elbows locked, pushing down on the pendulum and gripping hard\par
to the leather handholds.\par
The strength it took to raise and plummet me into the pond exceeded\par
that of one man.\par
This debt.\par
This atrocity had become a family affair.\par
Jethro, Kestrel, Daniel, and Cut.\par
Together they played roulette with my life, and in a perfect harmony,\par
they shifted as one and began the rollercoaster all over again.\par
Their side of the seesaw rose; I dropped.\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  I screamed, thrashing in the chair.\par
But they ignored me.\par
Faster and faster they dropped me until they disappeared; once again,\par
my aquatic grave welcomed me.\par
The water\rquote s kiss devoured my feet, my thighs, my breasts...my head.\par
I sank quicker.\par
Like I belonged.\par
The second time was no better.\par
If anything, it was worse.\par
My lungs burned.\par
They felt as if they bled with my submerged screams.\par
My heartbeat sent ripples of horror through the water cradling me.\par
Sonic sound waves alerted fish that I would soon be easy prey...that I was\par
moments from slipping from this world and into another.\par
One that hopefully treated me better.\par
I struggled harder, bruised deeper, and drove myself quicker into\par
madness.\par
I screamed again, unable to hold in oxygen. Something scaly swam\par
beneath me, tickling my toes. Fronds of water grasses and quick flashes of\par
movement from frogs all sent my mind twirling into darkness.\par
Images of Loch Ness monsters and sea creatures with wicked sharp\par
teeth stole the remainders of my rationality.\par
I want to breathe.\par
I want to live.\par
I strained for the lighter green of the surface. Crying and pleading and\par
drinking gallons of pond scum in my struggle to stay alive.\par
Time played a horrible joke on me. It never ended.\par
There was no reprieve...no air.\par
The emerald depth of the water crowded me, closing in tighter and\par
tighter\emdash crushing me like a tin can beneath its gentle waves.\par
This ducking lasted longer, or maybe I was destroyed already. Perhaps it\par
was shorter, but I\rquote d run out of reserves to hold on.\par
I wanted to stop fighting.\par
I wanted to succumb.\par
How weak I was.\par
How fragile.\par
How broken.\par
My fighting gave way to twitches. My muscles fought on their own,\par
demanding oxygen I didn\rquote t have to give.\par
My hair hovered around me like it was alive, swaying like seaweed,\par
promising an easy existence if I just followed its gentle dance and give in.\par
Just...give in.\par
Give in to the gentle lullaby of sleep.\par
If I died, I won.\par
The Hawks would lose as I would be free...\par
My struggling ceased and I hung there as if I was no longer bones and\par
breath, but weightless freedom. My shift billowed like wings around me,\par
sending me deeper into the abyss.\par
It was quiet down here. Quiet and calm and...drifting.\par
I drifted...\par
I faded...\par
Then the weight began again, folding my chin against my collar,\par
tugging me from the deep. Pounding, pounding pressure as I was wrenched\par
from my emerald tomb and hurled into the clouds again.\par
Gravity was now my foe, making everything so eternally heavy. My\par
chest was an elephant. My head a bowling ball.\par
And I was weak.\par
So weak.\par
Air trickled down my throat, mixing with water I\rquote d drank, making me\par
retch. As each mouthful registered, my brain awoke, kicking me into\par
survival. I moaned and begged and devoured every drop of oxygen I could.\par
I couldn\rquote t look up. I couldn\rquote t look behind me.\par
All I saw was blackness. But something granted me inhuman strength to\par
twist in my bindings and look, just once, behind.\par
The clouds were dark and threatening, shadowing the Hawks in sombre\par
gloom.\par
Jethro\rquote s golden eyes burned me from the banks, superseding all\par
distance, glowing like amber or sunlight\emdash or paradise.\par
Paradise...\par
I would like to go to paradise.\par
But then I looked at Cut, Kes, and Daniel.\par
Their eyes were the same damn colour.\par
All of them.\par
Four men. Four wishes and wills\emdash but one pair of identical eyes.\par
Evil eyes.\par
Horrendous eyes.\par
Eyes I never wanted to see again.\par
Daniel asked, \ldblquote Have you given up your power, you wicked witch? Are\par
you cured of the infection of magic?\rdblquote\par
Jethro shoved him, cursing him beneath his breath.\par
Then, I fell again.\par
The men released their hold, shooing me from dryness and gifting me to\par
a wet crypt.\par
As the water crashed over my head the third time, I gave up.\par
There was no point in fighting.\par
I was done.\par
I lost all track of time.\par
Up, down, up, down. Wet to dry and back again.\par
Every ducking I grew weaker...faded faster.\par
How many times did they raise me, only to drop me a few moments\par
later? I believed Jethro when they said some torture sessions went on all\par
day.\par
It felt as if this lasted forever.\par
I couldn\rquote t move. I had no energy remaining.\par
Underwater again, my heartbeat raced until it splintered my ribs,\par
cleaving me open, letting water pour down my throat and slosh into my\par
lungs.\par
Delusions were no longer something to fear, but to be embraced.\par
Delusions brought fantasies to life, soothing me, eradicating monsters from\par
my world.\par
Down here, unicorns existed. Up there, only beasts.\par
I opened my mouth wider, slack-jawed and spaced.\par
Perhaps I had a gift I didn\rquote t know of.\par
Perhaps I was a mermaid and could breathe water better than air.\par
Perhaps I could transform and swim far, far away from here.\par
I would try.\par
Anything was better than this.\par
The icy ache in my chest as the water filled me like a balloon was\par
foreign and frightening.\par
But then it grew warmer.\par
And warmer.\par
It comforted me.\par
The pain left.\par
The panic receded.\par
I said goodbye to life.\par
Death slid over me with the sweetest kiss.\par
I smiled and sighed and gave into the deep.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
SHE WAS DEAD.\par
I knew it.\par
I couldn\rquote t explain how I knew.\par
But I did.\par
I\rquote d done it.\par
I\rquote d killed her.\par
She\rquote d left me.\par
Nila.\par
IT WAS OVER.\par
I existed in a fog of warm, comforting blackness. I didn\rquote t have a\par
conscience or stress or worries.\par
I was content.\par
This nether world had no stipulations or rules on how to be. I just was.\par
With no thoughts corrupting me.\par
I liked it here.\par
I preferred it here.\par
I sank deeper and deeper into the billowing softness.\par
I belong here.\par
Then something tugged on my mind.\par
I swatted it away, curling into a ball, becoming invisible.\par
The blackness grew darker, wanting to keep me just as much as I\par
wanted to keep it.\par
But the tug came again, harder, stronger.\par
I fought it.\par
But it was so persistent. It scrabbled at my mind, breaking my happy\par
bond and dragging me unwillingly from the deep.\par
It wrecked my contentedness.\par
It broke my happiness.\par
No!\par
I turned feral.\par
You can\rquote t take me.\par
I belong here. Not there.\par
Here I had a sense of infinity. I wasn\rquote t just human, I was so much more.\par
I didn\rquote t want to go.\par
I like it here.\par
Here where I don\rquote t care or want or fear.\par
But whatever it was wouldn\rquote t listen. It pulled me faster and faster from\par
my sanctuary.\par
Blackness faded, becoming brighter and brighter.\par
I had no choice but to hurtle toward the light, breaking in two with\par
sadness.\par
Then everything disintegrated.\par
The darkness. The comfort. The gentle kind of warmth.\par
It all vanished.\par
I froze, completely lost and vulnerable.\par
Where am I?\par
Something brilliant and bright shone into my eyes. I blinked in pain,\par
seeing an echo of the deep yellow sun.\par
The clouds are gone.\par
I blinked again. Bringing the world I once knew into focus.\par
It made me wish I was blind.\par
With my eyesight came an unfurling of senses as my soul slipped back\par
into a body I no longer wanted, breathing life into limbs that\rquote d turned into a\par
corpse.\par
There was something I was supposed to do in this world. Something\par
extremely important.\par
The knowledge slammed into me with wet panic.\par
Breathe!\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
A shadow crossed the blistering sun, pressing soft lips against mine. My\par
nose was pinched then a huge gust of air whistled down my throat, bringing\par
sweet, sweet oxygen.\par
My chest expanded then deflated.\par
Not enough.\par
More. Give me more.\par
The life-giver understood, once again filling me with breath along with\par
forgiveness, sorrow, and regret.\par
I retched.\par
Strong hands flipped me onto my side, patting my back with solid\par
thumps as I vomited up bucket loads of lake.\par
It hurt.\par
God, it hurt.\par
My lungs turned inside out with agony as the overstretched organ gave\par
up trying to survive on water, holding out eager hands for air instead.\par
With air came life, and with life came the knowledge that I\rquote d died.\par
Tears sprang to my eyes.\par
I\rquote d died.\par
And I preferred it.\par
I sank into despair.\par
How had I given up so easily?\par
Then realization slammed into me of who I was and where.\par
I was Nila.\par
This was the Second Debt.\par
All around me stood Hawks.\par
Bastard, traitorous Hawks.\par
Then it didn\rquote t matter anymore.\par
Pain enveloped me in a heavy cloak, squeezing me from all angles.\par
Agony I\rquote d never felt before battered me like a storm. Agony lived in my\par
head, my heart, my bones, my blood.\par
Everything hurt.\par
Everything had died.\par
Coming alive was sheer torture, welcomed by a ring of devils.\par
\ldblquote Come back to me, Nila.\rdblquote  Jethro breathed into my ear, barely\par
registering above the bone-crippling agony I lived. \ldblquote I won\rquote t let you fucking\par
leave me.\rdblquote  He licked a tear leaking from my eye. \ldblquote Not yet. I won\rquote t let you\par
leave, not yet.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t look at him.\par
I couldn\rquote t listen to him.\par
So, I focused on the spot on top of the hill\f1\emdash on a black speck\par
spotlighted by the waning sun.\par
No, not a speck.\par
A woman.\par
Dark hair, feminine grace.\par
Jasmine.\par
Seeing her stole my tension. I relaxed. My screaming muscles stopped\par
twitching, melting into the mud upon which I lay.\par
I didn\rquote t need to fight anymore.\par
Jasmine was regal with honour and resplendent with pride\emdash exactly as\par
expected from any Hawk descendant.\par
I had the strange urge to wave\emdash to have her grant me mercy.\par
How was it possible someone could wield so much power even while\par
she was as broken as me?\par
I\rquote d drowned and come back to life.\par
I\rquote d been fixed.\par
However, Jasmine never would.\par
My eyes drifted from her beautiful face to her legs.\par
I sighed in sympathy for such a plight.\par
Wheels replaced legs. Footholds instead of shoes.\par
Jasmine Hawk was paralysed.\par
Wheelchair bound and reclusive.\par
It all suddenly made a lot more sense. About Jethro. His father. His\par
sister.\par
And then it all became too much.\par
I drifted off into fluffy clouds.\par
I said goodbye for the second time.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
I CARRIED HER unconscious form back to hell.\par
I turned my back on my father, grandmother, and siblings.\par
I let them whisper about my downfall and plot my death.\par
I did all of those things because the moment I\rquote d felt Nila give up,\par
nothing else fucking mattered.\par
Money, Hawksridge, diamonds\f1\emdash none of it.\par
It was all bullshit.\par
And I didn\rquote t fucking care.\par
All I cared about was making sure Nila healed.\par
I couldn\rquote t let her die.\par
She couldn\rquote t leave me alone.\par
Not now.\par
Stalking up the hill, across the grounds, and into the Hall, I ignored the\par
Diamond brothers who\rquote d been watching the spectacle with an array of\par
binoculars and telescopes, and stormed to the back of the house. \par
In the parlour loomed a huge swinging door, disguised as a bookcase.\par
Years ago, the door had hidden a bunker. A secret entrance into the\par
catacombs below the house. They were there to save my ancestors from war\par
and mutiny.\par
Now, that bunker had been converted and served a different kind of\par
function, along with an addition found ninety years after the first brick had\par
been laid.\par
Nila\rquote s body was icy and soaking. Her clothing dripped down my front,\par
leaving a trail of droplets wherever we went. Her long wet hair trailed over\par
my arm like kelp. Not for the first time, I fantasised I\rquote d plucked a kelpie\par
from the pond and taken her hostage. My very own water nymph to keep\par
for good luck.\par
She would make me right.\par
She had to.\par
Pulling on a certain book, the mechanism unlocked, swinging the door\par
open.\par
Nila didn\rquote t stir.\par
She\rquote d stopped shivering, but her lips were a deep indigo that terrified\par
me more than her unconscious whimpers. She teetered on death\rquote s door\emdash\par
even now\emdash even though I\rquote d resuscitated her with mouth to mouth and given\par
my soul as well as my air, she still haemorrhaged life.\par
It was as if she wanted to die.\par
Wanted to leave me.\par
Her brittle body made me focus on things I wasn\rquote t strong enough to\par
face.\par
I\rquote d grown up.\par
I\rquote d begun to see.\par
I\rquote d begun to believe she was it for me. The only one who could save me\par
from myself.\par
Slinking through the door, I was careful not to bump her head. Her body\par
lay strewn like a fallen angel in my arms\emdash as if I\rquote d caught her mid-plummet\par
to earth. Her lips were parted; her arms dangled by her sides.\par
I had to get her warm and fast. I knew exactly how to do it.\par
Locking the door behind me, I descended the spiral staircase. I had no\par
way of clapping to turn on the sound activated lights, so stomped my foot\par
on the stone step, grateful when balls of light lit up one after the other,\par
leading the way in the dark.\par
Electricity had replaced gas, which in turn had replaced naked flames\par
that used to flicker in the medieval lanterns on the wall.\par
Moving forward, each bulb guided me further beneath the house, until I\par
travelled beneath my own quarters and the bachelor wing above.\par
The bunker had been extended far past its original footprint. The crude\par
concrete walls had been meticulously updated with large travertine tiles and\par
top-of-the-line facilities.\par
Countless contraptions existed that I could use to warm Nila.\par
We had a steam room, sauna, and spa.\par
We had everything money could buy.\par
But none would be good enough.\par
I needed something bigger, grander...hotter.\par
I needed something money couldn\rquote t buy: the power of nature.\par
The scent of sulphur enveloped us as I continued down the corridor and\par
into the humid world beneath Hawksridge. The cave had been discovered\par
after the first part of the Hall had been erected. A workman died falling\par
through the hole when setting new foundations\emdash the cave had been\par
stumbled upon by pure fluke.\par
Natural springs were a fairly common phenomenon in England\emdash\par
closely guarded by those who had them and a public luxury in places like\par
Bath. Ours had remained a family secret for generations.\par
The sapphire water never dropped below forty degrees centigrade. Ever.\par
It was consistent and somewhere I used to come a lot\emdash somewhere that\par
Jasmine visited almost daily with her maid to ease her atrophied muscles.\par
Moisture dripped from the earthen walls, plopping quietly back into the\par
pool where it\rquote d come from. A perpetual circle of death and rebirth.\par
I didn\rquote t stop to strip.\par
I didn\rquote t waste a moment.\par
Holding Nila tight against my chest, I walked down the carved steps and\par
into the shoulder-deep spring. Every wade made my skin tingle and burn. I\par
couldn\rquote t handle such warm waters all at once\emdash I had to ease into it, allow\par
the ice inside my soul to melt little by little.\par
But now all I cared about was raising Nila\rquote s body temperature.\par
I didn\rquote t care about my shoes or clothes.\par
Shit, I didn\rquote t even care I had my cell-phone and wallet in my pocket.\par
Everything was inconsequential; the urge to heal her before it was too\par
late far too strong.\par
Not only had I scarred her back, but now I\rquote d scarred her with death.\par
I have to fix this. Quickly.\par
As the warm liquid lapped around my waist, it stole Nila\rquote s weight,\par
almost tugging her from my arms. Unwillingly, I unlocked my grip, letting\par
her float away from me, bobbing buoyantly on the surface.\par
Her eyes didn\rquote t open. She didn\rquote t show any awareness that she felt the\par
warmth after being so cold.\par
With cupped fingers, I poured hot water over her head, trading the\par
iciness of the lake for the welcoming embrace of the spring.\par
Waterfall after waterfall I poured on her scalp, careful not to let the\par
droplets slide over her nose or mouth.\par
It took too long.\par
The only noise was the gentle splash of water as it rained through my\par
fingers.\par
Every second waiting for her to wake up ruined my every heartbeat.\par
I lost track of time. My eyes never left her blue, blue lips, and it was\par
only when the deep colour began to fade that I finally relaxed a little.\par
Her fingertips weren\rquote t ice cubes any longer, thawing thanks to the\par
warmth of the water.\par
When she finally did start to rouse, she began to shiver.\par
Violently.\par
Her teeth chattered and her hair tangled on the surface, jerking with\par
every tremble.\par
Gathering her close, I held her as ripples arched from the epicentre of\par
her body, fanning out to lap against the three metre wide pool.\par
Every twitch from her resonated in me\emdash I didn\rquote t think I\rquote d ever be stable\par
again.\par
I continued to pour water over her head, cascading it over her frozen\par
ears, willing her cheeks to turn pink.\par
Her soft moan was the second sign of her being alive. However, if she\par
was aware of what I did, she didn\rquote t show it\emdash she refused to open her eyes.\par
I couldn\rquote t blame her.\par
I wouldn\rquote t want to look at the man who\rquote d done this either.\par
Sighing, I pressed my forehead against hers. No words could convey\par
everything I felt. So I let silence do it for me.\par
I filled the space with so much fucking regret. Regret for today, for\par
yesterday, for tomorrow. For everything I was and could never be.\par
I didn\rquote t know how long we hovered in the cave beneath my ancestral\par
home, but slowly the silence filled with more than just sorrow and apology.\par
It filled with a need so fierce and cruel, I struggled to breathe.\par
Pulling back, my eyes met Nila\rquote s black ones.\par
I froze as she slowly stood upright, dropping her legs beneath the water.\par
Her hands moved. Slowly and weakly, she cupped my face.\par
I stiffened within her hold.\par
A hitched sigh fell from my lips.\par
I would permit her to slap me. I would let her take out her rage. After\par
all, I deserved it.\par
I knew she was angry. The colour in her cheeks and glitter in her eyes\par
hinted at her rage. I felt her temper building as surely as I felt the small\par
eddies of natural thermals in the water.\par
I nodded, bracing for punishment.\par
But she didn\rquote t move.\par
We just stared and breathed and tried to understand each other\rquote s\par
betrayal.\par
My lips tingled for hers. My cock wept for her body. And my heart...shit\par
my heart begged to unlock and let her own it.\par
\ldblquote I forgive you,\rdblquote  she finally whispered, a single tear rolling down her\par
cheek.\par
That one phrase cleaved me in two, and for the first time in my life, I\par
broke. I wanted to fucking cry over a lifetime of misuse. Over a childhood\par
I\rquote d never been able to enjoy and an adulthood I\rquote d never been able to\par
embrace.\par
I wanted to fucking kill for what I still had to do and for what I had\par
become.\par
I should slip beneath the water and take my own life. I was done\par
fighting. Done pretending.\par
If I could\rquote ve saved her by ending my struggles, I would have.\par
I would\rquote ve sacrificed all I fucking knew to save her.\par
Licking my bottom lip, my eyes fell to her mouth.\par
There was just too much to say. Too many hurts to uncover and I didn\rquote t\par
have the strength.\par
Not yet.\par
Nila floated before me, her breath hitching as I gently captured her hips\par
and dragged her weightless body against mine.\par
Her eyes flared; her body bowstring tight.\par
Her fingers dug into my cheeks, holding me at a distance but not\par
struggling to swim away.\par
My hands burned where I held her. I was grateful she let me touch her at\par
all. But it wasn\rquote t enough. I wanted more.\par
Lowering my head, I tore past her anger and searched for the emotion\par
from the polo match.\par
I needed to see I hadn\rquote t destroyed what I\rquote d witnessed that day. Slowly, it\par
appeared\emdash floating to the surface of her eyes, blazing true.\par
She still cared for me.\par
After all that I\rquote d done.\par
Fuck, I\rquote m a monster.\par
Guilt crushed my chest, spinning rapidly with body-melting desire.\par
\ldblquote Kiss me, Nila,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote Let me bring you back to life.\rdblquote\par
The water waked as she jolted. Her hands landed on my chest, tensing\par
to push me away.\par
I shuddered as her fingertips scrunched my shirt.\par
Then, instead of pushing me, she pulled me.\par
Her hand slinked up around my neck, tugging my mouth to hers.\par
I sucked in a breath.\par
And she obeyed.\f0\par
Nila.\par
EVERY INCH OF me hurt.\par
My lungs were battered and bruised; my throat raw and raspy. My head\par
pounded and throbbed. Every time I breathed, it seemed as if my ribcage\par
had one purpose in life: to stab my heart to death.\par
I was alive...and paying the price.\par
Drowning wasn\rquote t fun.\par
Being drowned multiple times, even less so.\par
I never wanted to go near water again.\par
Yet you\rquote re in a pool with Jethro.\par
You\rquote re in a pool kissing Jethro.\par
My mind hurt trying to understand how he\rquote d destroyed me in water, yet\par
healed me in the same substance.\par
Cruel then comforting.\par
Murderous then reviving.\par
Two sides to everything\f1\emdash not evil or good or even aware of its\par
perception. Just a single entity being used in different ways.\par
Water could be an enemy, but also a lover.\par
Could the same be true for Jethro?\par
His lips slid against mine. Wet and warm and gentle.\par
He didn\rquote t force me. He didn\rquote t try to control the kiss I\rquote d given him.\par
And for that I was grateful.\par
I took my time. Tasting him\emdash tasting his regret.\par
I did my utmost to swim deep into his soul where the truth just waited to\par
be found. I needed to know what he suffered from. I had to find out if I\par
wanted to remain living.\par
His head twisted, changing the direction of the kiss so our bodies\par
danced closer. The tip of his tongue licked my bottom lip, shooting a ripple\par
of lust into my belly.\par
I had to trust in him. Trust in this. Had to believe. Had to hope.\par
Opening my mouth, I welcomed his tongue inside. Licking him,\par
encouraging him, giving into the dark and dangerous undercurrent flowing\par
between us.\par
He groaned, gathering me closer. Pulling back, he clasped my cheeks\par
with his large hands. \ldblquote I want you to know.\rdblquote\par
My damaged heart fluttered. I didn\rquote t speak, but I knew my question\par
glowed in my eyes.\par
Know what?\par
He sighed. His chiselled cheekbones and dark brows made him look\par
guilty and sorrowful all at once. His thick eyelashes shadowed stunning\par
eyes and his lips\emdash they promised to be the perfect drug to make me forget\par
about my pain.\par
In the hazy steamy world, I saw how tightly reined he was. His soul\par
didn\rquote t just have shadows\emdash it had holes. Holes that might never be stitched\par
together again.\par
He was heir to an empire worth untold millions. He was smart, capable,\par
and strong. In hindsight, it was inevitable that I would fall for him. How\par
could I not? It was almost a relief to admit that I stood no chance against his\par
spell.\par
But if he\rquote d ensnared me, then I\rquote d ensnared him.\par
He suffered the same conflict.\par
Jethro brushed a thumb over my lips, his touch trembling softly. \ldblquote You\par
make me better even while making me worse.\rdblquote\par
My throat tightened, triggering the soreness from previous screaming.\par
The tattoo on my fingertip burned as if recognising he was my other half\emdash\par
whether I wanted it or not.\par
In so many ways, Jethro was old beyond his years, yet so young at the\par
same time.\par
\ldblquote You need to tell me,\rdblquote  I murmured. \ldblquote Let me understand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t you understand that I\rquote ve been fucked up ever since I first texted\par
you? I\rquote m insane, but you\rquote re the only cure for my insanity.\rdblquote\par
My heart thundered. The first verbal admission that he was Kite.\par
It was more than he\rquote d given me before, but it wasn\rquote t enough.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m listening and not judging.\rdblquote  I couldn\rquote t stop myself from adding,\par
\ldblquote And you made me the same way. I\rquote m mad over you, Jethro. You have to\par
give in.\rdblquote\par
With a blended noise of frustration and grief, he kissed me again,\par
twisting my thoughts with an eager tongue. I wasn\rquote t strong enough to stay\par
firm while he was determined to sweep me away. The kiss distracted me\par
from what he\rquote d said, what I wanted him to say. Despite myself, I mirrored\par
him, massaging his tongue with mine, strengthening our desire.\par
Don\rquote t let him hide.\par
My restraint barely existed, but I couldn\rquote t permit him to change the\par
subject\emdash no matter if I preferred the new topic.\par
Breaking free, I pushed my fingers into his hair, holding him firm. \ldblquote Tell\par
me, Jethro. Tell me everything.\rdblquote\par
He breathed hard, his eyes never leaving my mouth. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t it enough to\par
know you\rquote ve got me by the heart?\rdblquote  He suddenly grabbed my hand, splaying\par
my fingers over his chest. \ldblquote Can you feel that?\rdblquote\par
My lungs stuck together as my heartbeat kicked into a flurry.\par
Jethro breathed, \ldblquote It\rquote s become so bad, I can barely breathe. For years\par
I\rquote ve struggled\emdash my whole fucking life.\rdblquote\par
I tried to take my hand back. I couldn\rquote t stomach feeling the irregular\par
thump of his heart beneath my fingertips. Its rhythm was screwed up,\par
confused...lost.\par
His face held such yearning, such turmoil. Staring at me that way gave\par
me too much power. Too much authority over his soul.\par
But it also soothed me\emdash proved that having control in my future was\par
right here\emdash in my grasp. I only had to be brave enough to take it.\par
Curling my fingers on his chest, as if I could carve his heart out and\par
hold it in my hand, I stared into his light coloured eyes. \ldblquote Tell me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you what I can...but later.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, you won\rquote t. Tell me now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What more do you want from me, Nila?\rdblquote  he suddenly snarled. \ldblquote Don\rquote t\par
you see? Do you really need to hear it?\rdblquote\par
His fear thickened the air.\par
Yes, I could see something was wrong. I could almost understand it.\par
But I needed him to admit it.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t hide. Not this time. Not with me.\rdblquote\par
Silence webbed around us.\par
Then finally, his head bowed in defeat, but there was relief in his gaze.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you. All of it. What I am. What it means. I promise. I\rquote ll tell you.\rdblquote\f0\par
Jethro.\par
WHAT I AM. What it means.\par
WHAT I AM. What it means.\par
The promise echoed in my head.\par
Why had I promised such a thing?\par
Why did I think I could?\par
Because she needs to see the truth. She needed to know so she could\par
forgive me.\par
I kissed her again\f1\emdash trying to stop her from seeing my fear at being open\par
and true.\par
Holding her jaw, I pressed my lips harder against hers, signalling that I\par
would keep my promise, but not right now.\par
Right now, I needed to be inside her.\par
Right now, I didn\rquote t have the strength.\par
It was selfish of me to take more from her when she\rquote d only just\par
recovered, but something inside me howled for what she could give.\par
I needed it before I had the capacity to talk about what I was.\par
Only then would I find the courage.\par
I\rquote m selfish.\par
I\rquote m a bastard.\par
She paused for a second, as if deciding whether to let me drag her from\par
words to actions. Then her tongue met mine, returning my kiss with a greed\par
that sent my cock on fire.\par
Her arms wrapped around my waist, holding me reverently.\par
It was more, so much more than I deserved. My breathing hitched.\par
Slowly, the kiss evolved into an admittance of feelings and longing. Our\par
breathing accelerated, echoing in the cave.\par
Needing nothing between us, I pushed Nila away and grabbed the hem\par
of my t-shirt. The water sucked the fabric against my stomach, gluing it in\par
place.\par
With a tug that sent a wash of droplets raining over Nila, I tore it off and\par
threw it to the side.\par
Nila stood there, her gaze drifting down my exposed torso. Her dark\par
beauty stole my fucking breath. Her hair hung like wet silk. The shapeless\par
white shift moulded to her curves, thanks to the Velcro-like ability of water.\par
Wading toward her, I ducked a little and captured her hem below the\par
water\rquote s surface. Without a word, I pulled it up over her thighs and hips then\par
hid her face as I pulled it over her head.\par
Her arms fell to her sides, lethargic and weak from what I\rquote d done.\par
Leaning forward, I reached behind her and unhooked her bra. I bit my\par
lip as the fabric fell away, exposing what I\rquote d been dying to see for days.\par
Her nipples were pink and hard, pinpointed with the same desire that\par
existed in my cock.\par
Never looking away, I captured the lace on her hips and pulled her\par
knickers down her legs. She trembled but didn\rquote t stop me. I shouldn\rquote t do\par
this. She needed to rest.\par
But I had no choice.\par
I had to take her.\par
It was the only way. \par
Her touch landed on my shoulder for balance as I removed her\par
underwear. Her gaze darkened before a slight mask slid into place, hiding\par
depths that I needed to see.\par
I\rquote d done that. I\rquote d made her build walls. I\rquote d made her hide\emdash same as me.\par
I couldn\rquote t permit that.\par
Throwing away her underwear, she stood before me naked and\par
completely trusting. Giving me everything I demanded so damn selflessly.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll never be able to thank you,\rdblquote  I whispered.\par
\ldblquote Thank me for what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote For caring more about my own welfare than your own.\rdblquote  Capturing her\par
face, I breathed, \ldblquote I can feel you. I know that doesn\rquote t make sense, but the\par
moment you give in to me; the moment you let yourself submit...it saves\par
me. I can\rquote t explain it, but you heal me, Nila.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes glistened. A soft smile graced her lips as she pressed her cheek\par
into my palm. \ldblquote Don\rquote t be afraid of me, Jethro. Don\rquote t be afraid of what\rquote s\par
growing between us.\rdblquote\par
I kissed her. Her mouth opened, her tongue dancing with mine.\par
Breaking apart, I said, \ldblquote I won\rquote t. I\rquote m not letting you go. You\rquote re mine, do\par
you understand?\rdblquote\par
She nodded, shyness pinking her cheeks. \ldblquote I belong to you.\rdblquote\par
I shivered with relief, with gratefulness, with every fucking comfort I\rquote d\par
never had.\par
With fumbling hands, I undid my belt and pushed my jeans and boxerbriefs down my legs. Kicking off my shoes, I stripped. The water made it a\par
trial to discard the unwanted clothing.\par
Urgency echoed in my limbs, making me rush. She\rquote d admitted she was\par
mine. I had to confirm it.\par
The hot water flowed around my erection, lapping at my balls\emdash more\par
arousing than air.\par
I ached to fill her again.\par
Gathering her close, I pressed my forehead against hers and wrapped\par
my arms around her tiny waist. \ldblquote I want to make you come. I want to erase\par
what happened today and give you a better memory.\rdblquote\par
She lifted her face to the natural cave formation above us. \ldblquote Here?\rdblquote\par
I nodded.\par
I wouldn\rquote t be able to walk with the pounding flesh between my legs. I\par
was a fucking saint taking it slow. One touch from her and I\rquote d explode.\par
Brushing her hair from her neck, I whispered, \ldblquote I\rquote m going to fuck\par
you...here.\rdblquote  Trailing my lips along her jawline, I murmured, \ldblquote I\rquote m going to\par
make you moan...here.\rdblquote  Baring my teeth, I bit her throat, filled with the\par
primal need to mark. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to make you scream...here.\rdblquote\par
She shivered, letting her head fall back, surrendering to me.\par
I bit her again\emdash I couldn\rquote t help myself. I nudged her diamond collar\par
higher up her throat and bit hard. I couldn\rquote t ignore the instincts demanding\par
me to claim.\par
I wanted to give her a gift. A gift where I gave her more than just my\par
body but my heart. There would be no pain, debts, or degradation. Only us.\par
\ldblquote I want to care for you, Nila. I want to show you how much I value\par
what you\rquote ve given me.\rdblquote\par
The driving urge to climb inside her grew with every heartbeat. The\par
anticipation made it all the more sweeter, but I\rquote d reached the end of my\par
self-control.\par
Dropping my gaze, I followed my hand as I cupped her breast and\par
squeezed. Her back curved, forcing more of her flesh into my fingers. I\par
pinched her nipple then ducked and covered her other breast with my\par
mouth.\par
She groaned, hugging my head to her, demanding that I lick harder. The\par
erotic sound of her pleasure sent shock-waves through me.\par
Thank fuck she didn\rquote t like sweet and gentle. I\rquote d tried to be soft\emdash for her\par
sake. I\rquote d tried to control myself. I wasn\rquote t such a monster to add more\par
injuries, not when she\rquote d been through so much, but I silently thanked her\par
that she needed what I did.\par
That she wanted me fierce and true. Nothing bared.\par
My fingertips flexed around her nipple, dragging another soft moan.\par
I couldn\rquote t stand it any longer.\par
Standing to my full height, I captured her mouth in another kiss. Her\par
beautiful lips met mine, her tongue licking with passion and hunger. As our\par
kiss deepened, I banded an arm around her, pressing her flat stomach\par
against my cock.\par
She arched into my caress, her fingers flying into the water to wrap\par
around my length.\par
\ldblquote Fuck,\rdblquote  I groaned as her tight hold sent my mind exploding with lust.\par
My hips rocked, forcing myself deeper into her palm. The joy of having\par
her touch me\emdash of me touching her\emdash wasn\rquote t enough. I needed more.\par
I need fucking everything.\par
Picking her up, I waded to the side and spun her around. The moment\par
she faced away from me, I couldn\rquote t stop myself from grinding my cock\par
against the crack of her arse.\par
Her fingers clawed at the earthen side, her head flopping forward as I\par
cupped her breasts from behind and squeezed to the point of pain.\par
Dropping one hand, I trailed it down her belly, not stopping until I\par
found her slippery cunt. I sucked in air as I found a different kind of\par
moisture.\par
Her arousal was thicker, silkier than the water around us.\par
I bit the back of her shoulder, pressing a finger deep inside her. The way\par
she gave in to me made me soar. The guilt, the hate\emdash it all faded.\par
She bucked, her mouth falling open. \ldblquote Ah...\rdblquote\par
Her gentle sound of bliss unravelled me faster.\par
This was what I needed. Her. Where had she been all my life? Why had\par
I fumbled for so long without her in my arms?\par
Never again.\par
Never fucking again would I be so alone.\par
Her torso twisted in my arms, her hand cupping my bristle-covered jaw.\par
\ldblquote I can feel you.\rdblquote\par
Fuck, she was too perceptive.\par
I couldn\rquote t speak.\par
Nila\rquote s lips tilted into a sensual smile. \ldblquote I can feel so much when you let\par
go. When you let me in.\rdblquote\par
I kissed her.\par
I had no choice.\par
Her body wriggled against mine as I slipped another finger inside her\par
pussy, rubbing her clit with my thumb.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re so fucking gorgeous...so strong.\rdblquote  Words spilled from my\par
mouth, disappearing into her hair, down her back, dripping into the water.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m so damn hard, I\rquote m in agony. All my life, something was missing. And\par
now I\rquote ve found it.\rdblquote  I rocked my dick against her, making my need so much\par
worse. \ldblquote I found you. I stole you. I took you from others who didn\rquote t\par
appreciate the gift of what you are, and now I\rquote m never letting you go.\rdblquote\par
She moaned, her eyes blazing with lust.\par
I thrust again, welcoming the heat and bliss of being naked with this\par
woman. \ldblquote See what you do to me? See how much I need to crawl inside you\par
and never fucking leave?\rdblquote  I rolled my hips, panting at the delicious friction.\par
Nila gasped, her spine bowing in invitation. \ldblquote God, don\rquote t stop. Tell me\par
everything. Don\rquote t be afraid. If you want me to beg, I\rquote ll beg. If you want me\par
to scream, I\rquote ll scream. Just...\rdblquote  Her legs spread in the water as she bent over\par
the side, looking at me over her shoulder. \ldblquote Just never stop being honest with\par
me. This...what you\rquote re giving me, Jethro, it makes everything worthwhile.\par
It makes everything I believed real.\rdblquote\par
Her cheeks glistened as she smiled through her tears. \ldblquote Nothing could\rquote ve\par
prepared me for this. Nothing could\rquote ve taught me to feel this way. I\rquote m\par
ready to forget everything. I\rquote m ready to be selfish and steal you like you\par
stole me.\rdblquote\par
She cried out as I thrust my fingers deeper inside her, tearing my name\par
from her lips.\par
\ldblquote I\emdash I only want you,\rdblquote  she groaned. \ldblquote Only you. Promise me that I can\par
keep you. Promise me.\rdblquote\par
My heart...shit, my heart.\par
It unlocked.\par
The padlock fell free.\par
Her words were a key. Her forgiveness and love and strength and\par
everything that made her pure stole me from my life of pain.\par
She changed me.\par
Right there.\par
Right then.\par
I became hers.\par
Irreversibly.\par
\ldblquote I promise,\rdblquote  I swore. I needed to climb into her soul and cement\par
everything we\rquote d just confessed. \ldblquote I\rquote m so messed up over you. I\emdash\rdblquote  I\par
couldn\rquote t talk anymore. I was too fucking fragile. Too overwhelmed.\par
I grabbed her chin, twisting her neck to kiss me. I took her mouth\par
savage and strong. I drove my tongue past her lips and admitted once and\par
for all that I might be a Hawk; I might be a son destined for tragedy, but\par
none of that mattered as long as I had her.\par
She trembled in my hold as I kissed her deeper, harder. My thumb\par
swirled on her clit, matching the rhythm of my fingers driving in and out of\par
her pussy.\par
Her hips moved, using me to drive herself to ecstasy.\par
\ldblquote Promise me that you\rquote ll never cut me out. Promise me that you\rquote ll never\par
walk away\emdash no matter how badly I fuck up.\rdblquote  I wanted to bind her in this\par
moment\emdash an ironclad agreement that she would never leave\emdash no matter\par
how bad things got.\par
Because I would fuck it up. She would end up hating me.\par
I had debts to extract, her brother to dispatch, and an empire to steal.\par
I wasn\rquote t perfect. Her love didn\rquote t make me a better man\emdash it just gave me\par
the strength to continue fighting.\par
Her inner walls fluttered around my touch. My mouth watered to taste\par
her.\par
\ldblquote I\emdash I promise.\rdblquote  Another cry escaped as her hips rocked harder on my\par
hand. I wrapped my arm tighter around her.\par
\ldblquote Oh, God...yes...Jethro...please...\rdblquote  Her face flushed, every muscle\par
hummed with the need to release.\par
She gave me complete control over her body and soul.\par
I lost it.\par
\ldblquote Christ, I want to be inside you.\rdblquote  I grabbed my cock, riding my palm.\par
\ldblquote So much. So fucking much.\rdblquote  I jacked off with brutal violence, trying to\par
tame the lust in my blood all while making it worse.\par
I\rquote d never needed anyone as much as I needed her.\par
I\rquote d never had the need to draw pain or bite or devour. But now I did. I\par
wanted to ruin her. I was out of my mind with fucking desire.\par
Nila reached behind, steadying my hand. Her breathing was as ragged\par
as mine. \ldblquote I need it, too.\rdblquote  Biting her lip, she guided my pounding erection\par
between her legs and pushed against the side. \ldblquote Don\rquote t hold back. Never\par
again. I can handle what you have to give.\rdblquote\par
I shivered. \ldblquote Fuck, Nila.\rdblquote\par
She wanted everything.\par
She wanted me. All of me. The twisted parts. The dark parts.\par
Me.\par
She was...peace. She was...sanity. She was...home.\par
She wants me.\par
I clenched my jaw. Her heat beckoned me. I was no longer human but\par
an animal who needed to claim his mate.\par
Fisting the base of my cock, I bent my knees and thrust.\par
We both groaned.\par
It felt so fucking good.\par
Her slipperiness coated me, but it wasn\rquote t enough. She was too tight.\par
A tameless growl echoed in my chest as she pushed back, forcing me to\par
fill her faster.\par
\ldblquote Shit,\rdblquote  I grunted as she pushed again.\par
\ldblquote More. I need more,\rdblquote  she begged.\par
I almost came from the exquisite tightness of her body. Every ripple of\par
her muscles was like a fist around my girth. My balls twitched, preparing to\par
spurt inside this woman\emdash my fucking woman\emdash now that I was rightfully\par
home.\par
\ldblquote I have to work you. You\rquote re not relaxed enough.\rdblquote\par
She shook her head, her face twisting with need. \ldblquote No. Give it to me.\par
Goddammit, Jethro, please...fuck me. I can\rquote t...\rdblquote  Her core contracted as I\par
thrust again.\par
My lips pulled back as I drank in her piercing lust. \ldblquote You need me inside\par
you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes. God, yes.\rdblquote\par
I drove harder. \ldblquote You need me to fuck you?\rdblquote\par
Her head flew back as I forced my size past her body\rquote s limits. \ldblquote Yes. I\par
need you. All of you.\rdblquote\par
I was only half-way in. My dick was too much for her. As much as she\par
wanted me, as enticing as her moans were, I refused to hurt her more\par
tonight. Tonight was about pleasure.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to fill you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Please.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to fuck you so hard, you\rquote ll stay wet for days just thinking of\par
me taking you in this pool.\rdblquote\par
Nila bit her lip. \ldblquote Do it, Jethro. Punish me. Teach me that I belong to\par
you.\rdblquote\par
Fuck.\par
I\rquote d never been a talker in sex. Never saw the allure of dirty whispers.\par
But now all I could think about was talking filthy and wrong.\par
Reaching between her legs, I rubbed her clit\emdash faster and faster with one\par
goal in mind.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re going to come for me, little Weaver. You\rquote re going to drench my\par
dick and let me inside you.\rdblquote  I breathed harder, rocking faster, forcing her\par
higher.\par
\ldblquote No, I want\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t get what you want. This is what I want. I want you to know\par
who\rquote s fucking you. I want you to know whose cock is taking you. I need\par
you to scream for me, Nila.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t give her any reprieve. I forced her to feel everything. I wanted\par
her orgasm. She owed me her pleasure.\par
Nila stiffened; her elbows gave out as she flattened against the side.\par
\ldblquote Stop\emdash wait...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote  I thrust with each swirl of my thumb, gradually spreading her\emdash\par
crawling inside. \ldblquote I\rquote m the one taking you. I\rquote m the one riding you. I\rquote m the\par
one you want. Admit it!\rdblquote\par
Her mouth opened as she silently screamed. Her entire focus turned\par
inward.\par
I thrust harder. \ldblquote Say it. Admit that you want me. Admit that you like\par
what I\rquote m doing to you.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes wrenched open, connecting with mine.\par
My heart fell down a rabbit hole, completely under her spell.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I admit it. I feel you. I want you so much! Fuck me. Please...fuck\par
me.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t deny her.\par
My hips rocked, my thumb swirled.\par
\ldblquote Come. Come on my cock.\rdblquote\par
Her body rebelled, clamping around me. I struggled to breathe. I\par
groaned as her pussy flexed tighter and tighter. I saw fucking stars.\par
\ldblquote Jethro\emdash\rdblquote  Her breathing turned to breathless pants. The muscles along\par
her spine contorted with pressure. She wiggled, trying to dislodge my hold\par
on her clit. \ldblquote It\rquote s too intense\emdash\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t let her move. \ldblquote You don\rquote t know the meaning of intense. I\rquote ll show\par
you intense. I\rquote ll show you what it\rquote s like to live in a world full of fucking\par
intensity.\rdblquote  Bowing over her, I bit her ear. \ldblquote Come, Nila. Come for me. Let\par
me give you pleasure after the pain I\rquote ve caused.\rdblquote\par
Her legs gave way; a long moan crawled from her throat.\par
Then, she detonated.\par
I caught her as an orgasm ripped through her core, sucking and melting\par
around my cock. \ldblquote Yes...Oh, my God...\rdblquote\par
I clamped a hand over her mouth as she screamed in delirium. My\par
forehead furrowed as incredible waves of pressure milked my cock as her\par
pussy contracted.\par
I wanted to come. Shit, I wanted to come.\par
With each wave, her body tried to reject my size, but then...on the final\par
crest of her orgasm, wetness gushed. She welcomed me with perfect\par
rapture.\par
I groaned.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m taking you now, Ms. Weaver. You\rquote re all mine.\rdblquote\par
Bending over her, I let myself loose.\par
In one vicious rock, I claimed her. I slid deep, deep inside.\par
There was no resistance. Nothing barring me from filling her\par
completely. The head of my cock banged against the top of her, tearing a\par
guttural grunt from my chest.\par
\ldblquote Christ!\rdblquote  I thrust again, loving how deep I could go. Her liquid heat\par
slicked over me, turning friction into sheer-minded lust.\par
I could\rquote ve come right there.\par
I could\rquote ve come a hundred fucking times.\par
But yet again, I needed more. So much more.\par
Nila\rquote s hands slapped on the side, her fingers struggling for purchase as I\par
stopped thinking, stopped feeling, and gave into what I needed.\par
I rode her.\par
So. Damn. Hard.\par
I claimed her.\par
So. Damn. Hard.\par
I grabbed her hips and punished both of us for finding what we never\par
thought we\rquote d find. I broke myself by shattering my walls and admitting\par
without her...I was nothing.\par
Nothing.\par
I fucked her. I loved her.\par
I gave everything to her.\par
My teeth sank into the spot between her shoulder and neck as sweat ran\par
down my back. I wanted to puncture her skin. I never wanted to let go.\par
The diamonds in her collar reflected the sapphire of the water, blinding\par
me.\par
Her whimpers echoed in my ears as she tilted her head, giving me more\par
authority, more control with my primitive hold. Unable to stop myself, I bit\par
harder, licking her salty skin, relishing in her flinch.\par
My teeth sank deeper, and only once I tasted the faintest tang of blood\par
did I stand up and fuck her harder. My fingers gripped her hipbones,\par
conveying greed and possession. My entire mind-set became feral, needing\par
to conquer this woman.\par
My woman.\par
Nila turned her head, pressing her cheek to the side. A wince knitted her\par
brows, her lips bowed in pain, but I couldn\rquote t stop.\par
Wouldn\rquote t stop.\par
\ldblquote Yes. More, Jethro. More.\rdblquote\par
My chest rose and fell with laboured breaths, my muscles spasmed as I\par
sent my body hurtling into euphoria.\par
Her eyes opened and I lost myself in the dark chasm of mesmerizing\par
love.\par
She loved me.\par
She fucking loves me.\par
The unmistakable vulnerability of such an emotion tore open my heart.\par
The cuts on my feet bellowed as I dug my toes into the silty bottom and\par
rode her harder, giving her my entire length thrust after thrust after thrust.\par
\ldblquote Nila\emdash fuck\emdash\rdblquote\par
I jerked. My orgasm shot unrestrained from my balls. It exploded up my\par
cock with such intensity, I folded over her back. \ldblquote Goddammit,\rdblquote  I groaned,\par
sucking in her hair as savage streams of cum erupted from my tip.\par
Her inner muscles demanded more, conjuring every last drop of semen I\par
had to give. The release kept going and going, threatening to burst my heart\par
as my body continued to devour hers. Ecstasy sparkled in every cell as I hit\par
the top of her, spurting one last time as deep as I could go.\par
\ldblquote Feel that?\rdblquote  I asked, grunting as a final wave stole my ability to breathe.\par
Sweat ran down my temples, drenching my hair. \ldblquote You\rquote re inside me, Nila\par
Weaver\emdash as surely as I\rquote m inside you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re it for me, Jethro. You\rquote ve destroyed me.\rdblquote  Her voice was soft,\par
dreamy.\par
I bent to kiss her\emdash the sweetest, gentlest kiss. \ldblquote You\rquote re wrong. You\rquote re\par
the one who\rquote s destroyed me.\rdblquote\par
Ending the kiss, Nila just watched me. No words. No questions.\par
She accepted everything I gave her. She hadn\rquote t looked away while I lost\par
myself in her\emdash she\rquote d given me something I\rquote d never had before. She gave\par
me everything\emdash let me witness how true and steadfast it was.\par
Trust.\par
Connection.\par
No lies.\par
She fucking loved me.\par
She\rquote d given me a new beginning.\f0\par
Nila.\par
\ldblquote WHEN WILL YOU tell me?\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s step faltered, his eyes shooting to mine.\par
His naked torso was damp and flushed with heat from the cave-springs,\par
a white towel riding low on his hips.\par
He\rquote d offered to carry me, but I\rquote d chosen to walk\f1\emdash even though I was\par
just as naked with only a towel hiding my modesty.\par
I was alive.\par
The sooner my body remembered how to move, the better.\par
Even though hate had killed me, love had revived me.\par
Jethro had salvaged me and brought me back.\par
He\rquote d done more than bring me back.\par
He\rquote d given me a new home\emdash inside him.\par
I\rquote m alive because of him.\par
The Second Debt had taken everything from me.\par
But Jethro had given it back a hundred fold.\par
We ghosted to a stop outside my bedroom door. Jethro was the perfect\par
suitor, walking me home after the strangest day of all. His hand came up to\par
cup my cheek, a sigh escaping his lips. \ldblquote I will tell you, but it\rquote s not a simple\par
matter of blurting it out.\rdblquote\par
I turned my head and kissed his palm, never breaking eye contact.\par
\ldblquote Whatever it is, I\rquote ll understand.\rdblquote\par
He smiled sadly. \ldblquote That\rquote s the thing; you probably won\rquote t. To tell you what\par
I am means I\rquote ll have to tell you everything. About the debts, the reasoning,\par
my role.\rdblquote  He hung his head. \ldblquote It\rquote s a lot.\rdblquote\par
I shuffled closer, wrapping my arms around his warm body. \ldblquote Tomorrow.\par
Meet me after breakfast and take me somewhere far from here. Tell me\par
then.\rdblquote\par
His nostrils flared. \ldblquote You want to go off the grounds? Away from\par
Hawksridge?\rdblquote\par
The thought excited me. I didn\rquote t want to go back to London or seek out\par
my old life\emdash not anymore, but it would be nice to go somewhere just the\par
two of us.\par
A date.\par
\ldblquote You can trust me, Jethro. You know that. I wouldn\rquote t run if you took me\par
somewhere public.\rdblquote\par
A painful shadow crossed his face. \ldblquote I know you wouldn\rquote t. And that\rquote s\par
what fucking kills me.\rdblquote\par
My heart stuttered. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
He slouched, pushing me against my door so my back kissed the wood\par
and his lips kissed mine. The kiss was fleeting and soft, but the emotion\par
behind it squeezed my chest with an agonising weight.\par
I didn\rquote t know what the weight was. But the pressure built and built with\par
words dying to leap free.\par
I.\par
Love.\par
You.\par
After what had just happened between us, it was all I could think about.\par
I wanted to scream them. Blare them. Let him know that my caring for him\par
wasn\rquote t conditional or cruel.\par
I loved him. For him. For his soul.\par
His lips skated over mine again\emdash the sweetest connection.\par
\ldblquote Jethro,\rdblquote  I breathed. \ldblquote I\emdash I lo\emdash\rdblquote\par
He froze, slamming his fingers over my mouth. \ldblquote Don\rquote t say it.\rdblquote\par
Dropping his touch, he shook his head. \ldblquote Don\rquote t say it. Please, Nila.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But why shouldn\rquote t I...when it\rquote s the truth.\rdblquote  The weight on my heart\par
grew deeper, stronger. I had no choice but to tell him. The words physically\par
suffocated me, needing to be said. \ldblquote You mean everything to me.\rdblquote  Placing\par
my hand over his heart, I whispered. \ldblquote Kite...I\rquote m in love with you. It doesn\rquote t\par
come with conditions or commands. I can\rquote t hate you for what you did today\par
or what you might do in the future. I\rquote m scared and lost and absolutely\par
terrified that I\rquote m doing the wrong thing by choosing you over my own life\par
\emdash but...I have no choice.\rdblquote\par
He sucked in the sharpest breath. \ldblquote You called me Kite.\rdblquote\par
My heart bottomed out.\par
His name bulldozed through the partition I\rquote d managed to keep in place.\par
My feelings toward Kite plaited with my feelings for Jethro.\par
I slammed deeper into love.\par
He\rquote s mine.\par
His eyes squeezed closed, pressing his forehead on mine. \ldblquote Nila...you\emdash\par
you don\rquote t know what you\rquote re doing to me.\rdblquote  He trembled in my arms, his\par
hands bracing himself on the door. \ldblquote Take it back. I\emdash I can\rquote t take so much\par
from you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t take back something that already belongs to you.\rdblquote\par
Tears.\par
I wanted to cry.\par
I wanted free my terror at falling in love. I wanted to beg him to be\par
strong enough to choose me after stealing everything that I was.\par
I couldn\rquote t compete with what he did to me in the spring. He\rquote d reached\par
inside me and ripped my heart from my chest. I didn\rquote t fight it. In fact, I\rquote d\par
carved it out for him.\par
My hands were bloody from presenting it to him with open arms.\par
I.\par
Love.\par
Him.\par
Before, I was in a cage.\par
I wasn\rquote t any more.\par
I could see. I was free. I believed.\par
\ldblquote Tomorrow.\rdblquote  He exhaled shakily. He clasped my jaw, running his\par
thumbs over my cheeks. \ldblquote You\rquote re mine. You deserve to know the man\par
you\rquote ve chosen\emdash the man you\rquote ve saved.\rdblquote\par
A shooting star sliced through my soul. \ldblquote I saved you?\rdblquote\par
A soft smile tugged his lips. \ldblquote You have no idea, do you?\rdblquote  He kissed my\par
forehead, filling it with overwhelming feeling. \ldblquote No idea what you\rquote ve done\par
to me.\rdblquote\par
His delectable smell wisped around us. I wanted to fall into him and\par
never let go.\par
He whispered, \ldblquote Tomorrow, everything that I am becomes yours.\rdblquote\par
I shivered at the truth in his eyes, the echoing affection. \ldblquote Tomorrow.\rdblquote\par
With a barely-there kiss, he transmitted every emotion he couldn\rquote t say\par
and backed into the shadows of the corridor. \ldblquote Tomorrow, I\rquote m taking you\par
away from here. I\rquote ll give you what you\rquote ve selflessly given me. I\rquote ll tell\par
you...everything.\rdblquote\par
\par
Overnight, I\rquote d turned from a supple young woman to arthritic hag.\par
I didn\rquote t sleep. I doubted I\rquote d ever be able to sleep again with the\par
excitement of what today would bring.\par
Jethro will tell me.\par
Finally, I would know.\par
Last night, I\rquote d thought about reading the Weaver Journal to see how my\par
mother and grandmother felt paying the Second Debt. Had they made note\par
of it? Or were they like me and saw what the Journal was\emdash a way to\par
monitor our hearts and minds? I wanted to see if they\rquote d done what I did: fall\par
for their tormentors.\par
But despite my bouncing mind and infectious energy, my body grew\par
stiffer by the moment.\par
It ached, it screamed, it needed to rest.\par
I\rquote d returned from the dead.\par
Relearning to live again wasn\rquote t easy.\par
I would have days of recovering ahead and it became painfully obvious\par
when I went to stand. My shoulders cried from the simple motion of\par
shoving my sheets away. My legs promptly went on strike as they touched\par
the thick carpet.\par
I remained vertical for a brief moment, before face planting instead.\par
I didn\rquote t walk anymore, I hobbled.\par
I didn\rquote t talk, I croaked.\par
I wore bracelets of bruising around my wrists and ankles, and my skin\par
retained its ghostly white, as if I hadn\rquote t quite shed death\rquote s grip.\par
No matter how alive I\rquote d been with Jethro last night...today, I was paying\par
for it.\par
I hadn\rquote t wanted him to leave\emdash not when he was blistering open and\par
profound. I would\rquote ve preferred to fall asleep in his embrace. But I knew\par
that, regardless of our alliance to one another, his family was still in charge.\par
Things had to go on as if nothing had changed\emdash even though everything\par
had.\par
My stomach rumbled, adding another discomfort on top of all the rest.\par
I couldn\rquote t remember the last time I\rquote d eaten.\par
After a slow shower and an even slower time of getting dressed, I\par
headed to the door, hissing between my teeth with every step.\par
I wouldn\rquote t permit my body to steal my plans for today. Jethro was\par
taking me away. He would talk. Nothing would destroy that.\par
Perhaps it could wait until tomorrow.\par
The thought of returning to the softness of my mattress almost made me\par
turn around.\par
No!\par
I was just stiff\emdash that was all. As long as I got on with life, I would heal\par
faster.\par
Gritting my teeth, I forced my aching muscles to slowly propel me\par
toward the dining room.\par
As I pushed open the double doors and entered the cavernous space\par
with its dripping blood-red walls and excessively big portraits of past\par
Hawks, my attention swooped to the armoury and the empty place that had\par
held my dirk.\par
That same dirk was now tucked into the waistband of my yoga pants.\par
The scents of freshly brewed coffee and intoxicating aroma of buttery\par
pastries turned my hunger into a sharp pang.\par
Cut looked up from his newspaper, a large grin splitting his face. \ldblquote Ah,\par
Nila! You\rquote re awake from the dead.\rdblquote  He laughed at his tasteless joke.\par
Folding the paper, he waved to a few free chairs.\par
The dining room was a busy place this morning. Black Diamond\par
brothers were scattered around the twenty seated table, eating an array of\par
full English breakfasts.\par
Tugging on the cuffs of my long sleeve baby-blue jumper, I drifted\par
forward, cursing the creak in my joints.\par
I second-guessed my need for breakfast and hovered by a chair. If I\par
didn\rquote t sit down soon, I\rquote d fall, but I didn\rquote t think I could tolerate eating with\par
my archenemies.\par
Where is he?\par
I needed to make sure Jethro hadn\rquote t had second thoughts. That we were\par
still together\emdash still true.\par
\ldblquote I see Jet revived you.\rdblquote\par
Daniel\rquote s voice made my head snap up. He sat between two bikers,\par
gnawing on a sausage.\par
Crap, I hadn\rquote t seen him. If I\rquote d known he was here, I would\rquote ve forgone\par
an entire day of food.\par
Daniel sneered. \ldblquote He\rquote s such a soft-hearted prick. If it were me, I\par
would\rquote ve just let you drown.\rdblquote\par
My fingers curled around the back of a chair. \ldblquote Lucky for me, you\rquote re not\par
firstborn.\rdblquote\par
Daniel lost his smirk. His face grew black. \ldblquote Not lucky for you, though,\par
little Weaver.\rdblquote\par
What did he mean by that?\par
Then the doors swung wide and Jethro appeared.\par
The man who\rquote d drugged me, kidnapped me, and stolen my heart strode\par
quickly to my side and took my elbow.\par
Every atom wanted to sway into his support. Every cell demanded I turn\par
and kiss him.\par
But I couldn\rquote t.\par
I couldn\rquote t let Cut see what\rquote d happened.\par
It was one thing to be blatant in my hate for Jethro at the beginning, but\par
now it proved a hard task to pretend. I had to openly despise him, all while\par
suffocating my heart from showing the truth.\par
It took all my willpower, but I sidestepped out of Jethro\rquote s hold. \ldblquote Don\rquote t\par
you think you did enough yesterday? Don\rquote t touch me.\rdblquote\par
Jethro sucked in a harsh breath.\par
Daniel chuckled, smacking his lips. \ldblquote Seems you\rquote re as hated as us now,\par
brother. Congratulations.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s eyebrows knitted together, his gaze flaring with hurt.\par
I willed him to understand.\par
The tightness suddenly faded around his mouth, his forehead smoothing\par
into a perfect mask.\par
He knows.\par
His gaze met mine. With a barely noticeable nod, he agreed to our\par
deception. A second later, a cold shield slammed over his face as\par
effortlessly as breathing. He glittered with ice, so pure, so sharp.\par
If I didn\rquote t bear the marks of his teeth and fingertips from loving me so\par
roughly last night, I would\rquote ve doubted what was real.\par
I swallowed hard.\par
It\rquote s only a trick.\par
It\rquote s what needs to happen.\par
It was us against them now. This was the biggest secret of all.\par
My attention dropped to what he held in his left hand.\par
The Tally Box.\par
The room had been fairly silent since I entered, but now hushed\par
anticipation filled the space.\par
\ldblquote Glad to see you remembered,\rdblquote  Cut said, taking a sip of his coffee.\par
Jethro nodded at his father, pulling out a chair for me. \ldblquote Sit, Ms. Weaver.\par
There\rquote s something we need to do.\rdblquote\par
Unable to hide my flinch from bending sore joints, I settled into the\par
offered chair.\par
Only once I sat did Jethro take the seat beside me.\par
Folding his long legs beneath the table, he shuffled closer. His\par
aftershave and natural scent of woods and leather trickled into my lungs,\par
causing my heart to squeeze.\par
My mouth popped open as something pressed against my knee.\par
Jethro refused to meet my eyes, but I knew it was him, touching\par
me...comforting me, granting me strength.\par
I sucked in a breath as he nudged me harder. The pressure sent\par
combustible lust fizzing through my blood.\par
The heavy weight from last night settled on my chest. Words I wanted\par
to spill gathered thickly, drowning me. I wanted to talk to him. I wanted to\par
ask questions and hear his answers.\par
I want to know him.\par
Every inch.\par
Jethro continued to lean his leg against mine. He did it so calmly, all the\par
while pretending nothing was different.\par
\ldblquote Get on with it, Jet,\rdblquote  Cut ordered, his attention locked on us.\par
Jethro nodded curtly. \ldblquote Of course. Don\rquote t rush me. I think I\rquote ve proven I\rquote m\par
more than capable of doing what needs to be done.\rdblquote\par
Cut smashed his lips together.\par
Jethro\rquote s eyes narrowed as he opened the Tally Box.\par
My heartbeat sped up as he lifted out the apparatus he would need.\par
Keeping my attention on the needle and ink, I rubbed my foot against his\par
ankle.\par
He tensed, but continued on as if everything was fine. \par
Last night, he\rquote d given me power over him in the form of his life.\par
I knew things no one else did.\par
And after today, I would know everything.\par
Jethro was mine, and I would help save him, just like he said. We could\par
change our fates from the plague of his family.\par
\ldblquote Hold out your hand,\rdblquote  Jethro murmured, ignoring the table of\par
onlookers.\par
My heart raced as he held up the tattoo gun.\par
Pressing my knuckles against the wood of the table, I bit my lip as he\par
turned on the gun.\par
His hair had grown longer and it fell over his forehead. My fingers\par
itched to brush it away, to press below his chin and bring his mouth to mine.\par
The air shimmered between us, growing thicker with lust.\par
My pussy ached from him taking me so roughly last night, but I wanted\par
more. I wanted it harder, deeper, faster. I doubted I\rquote d ever have enough.\par
Jethro bristled, fighting against the building heat humming where we\par
touched. When it came to touching in public, we had no armor against the\par
truth.\par
My gaze shot to Cut. My feelings were far too obvious\emdash he\rquote d see...he\rquote d\par
know. However, his attention zeroed in on his son, his hands steepled before\par
him.\par
I gasped as the sharp needle bit into my skin. I endured the tiny teeth as\par
they stained me with ink. The burn this time was faintly familiar, filling\par
with memories\emdash becoming part of the design as much as his initials.\par
It only took a moment.\par
Jethro reclined, eyeing up his penmanship. There, on the pad of my\par
middle finger, he\rquote d completed another JKH.\par
A debt for a debt.\par
A tally for a tally.\par
The residual pain couldn\rquote t compete with my other aches and bruises. It\par
was rather refreshing to have a wound that was sharp, rather than bone-deep\par
and throbbing.\par
Jethro turned off the gun and handed it to me.\par
Wordlessly, he splayed his beautiful long fingers and never stopped\par
looking at me as I inked my ownership on his mirroring finger.\par
My lines were straighter this time, more confident. I embraced the\par
marks because now it only bound us tighter together, rather than recorded a\par
new debt.\par
When I\rquote d finished, he had two branded fingers.\par
Like for like.\par
Same for same.\par
Jethro nudged my foot again, keeping his face blank and almost cruel. I\par
pressed back, never looking up as I turned off the gun and placed it back in\par
its box.\par
Awareness scattered over my forearms. I couldn\rquote t stop a gentle sigh as\par
Jethro deliberately brushed my pinky with his, tucking away the discarded\par
vial and locking the lid.\par
Cut muttered, \ldblquote Good to see you learned from your past mistake and\par
things are following accordingly.\rdblquote  Waving at the sideboard groaning with\par
food, he added, \ldblquote Eat, both of you. You have a large schedule.\rdblquote\par
My throat closed at the thought of what that could mean.\par
Cut narrowed his eyes. \ldblquote Jethro, you\rquote re in charge of the Carlyle\par
shipment. The stones arrive in a few hours. You know what to do.\rdblquote  Turning\par
his cold glare on me, he smiled. \ldblquote And, Nila, you\rquote ve been summoned by my\par
mother, Bonnie, for tea in her boudoir.\rdblquote\par
My heart raced.\par
Jethro threw me a look.\par
What about our plans?\par
He glared at his father. \ldblquote Ms. Weaver was subjected to enough\par
yesterday.\rdblquote  His voice lowered as he spoke through clenched teeth. \ldblquote Give\par
her a few days, for fuck\rquote s sake.\rdblquote\par
Knives and forks screeched across crockery as the Diamond men turned\par
to see Cut\rquote s reaction.\par
Cut fisted his hands on the table. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Um, sir?\rdblquote\par
All heads turned to the youngest member of the Black Diamonds, a\par
twenty-year-old man named Facet. His floppy blond hair and kind eyes\par
were a direct contradiction to the leader he now addressed.\par
Cut\rquote s forehead furrowed. Black anger covered his face. \ldblquote What? What is\par
so fucking important you interrupt me mid-sentence?\rdblquote\par
Facet shifted awkwardly. \ldblquote Sorry, sir. Won\rquote t happen again. But, eh...we\par
have company.\rdblquote  His eyes flew around the room, looking for someone to\par
help bear the brunt of his leader.\par
No one moved.\par
The guy sucked in a breath, reluctantly delivering his news. \ldblquote I tried to\par
stop them from entering the grounds. We did what you said. But they\par
ignored us.\rdblquote  Sweat gleamed on his upper lip. \ldblquote Even the gatekeeper at the\par
lock house couldn\rquote t stop them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What the hell are you talking about, boy?!\rdblquote  Cut exploded.\par
Facet jumped. \ldblquote They have a warrant, sir. They\emdash they barged past,\par
regardless of our warnings. We reminded them that we own their\par
department\emdash that our brotherhood is beyond their reach.\rdblquote  He hung his head.\par
\ldblquote It didn\rquote t do any good.\rdblquote\par
The entire table sucked in a breath.\par
Warrant?\par
Could it be?\par
Jethro went deathly still beside me. Every connection we shared froze,\par
no longer a two-way street of togetherness and affection. A road block\par
slammed into place, masking his every thought.\par
I glanced at him from the corner of my eye. My heart squeezed as he\par
stared fiercely at the opposite wall, refusing to look at me.\par
\ldblquote Jethro\emdash\rdblquote  I breathed.\par
His jaw locked; snowflakes flurried around him as he pulled more and\par
more away from me. Goosebumps dotted my flesh.\par
Cut roared, \ldblquote Tell those fucking pigs to get off my land. Their warrant\par
means jack-shit.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sir, I\rquote ve told them. But they won\rquote t listen. They say\emdash they say they\rquote re\par
here for\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro burst out laughing\emdash a cold, cynical chuckle. \ldblquote That low life piece\par
of shit. He did this. They\rquote re here for her.\rdblquote  He looked at the ceiling, his face\par
twisting into nightmares. \ldblquote Of course, they fucking are.\rdblquote\par
A warrant could mean many things. It might not have anything to do\par
with me. Yet a screeching, tearing noise echoed in my ears. It\rquote s my soul.\par
The awful ripping sound was my soul splintering in two. If they had come\par
for me...that meant...\par
I\rquote m saved.\par
I\rquote d wished for this very thing to happen.\par
I\rquote d prayed for this. I\rquote d begged for this.\par
Escape.\par
So, why\emdash if it was true\emdash did I wish to run to my quarters and hide?\par
I don\rquote t want to leave him.\par
I can\rquote t leave him.\par
Not after last night.\par
Jethro balled his hands, his eyes sharp and deadly. He snarled at Facet,\par
\ldblquote Tell them they can\rquote t fucking have her.\rdblquote\par
My heart squeezed. Pain blazed through me with more agony than I\par
thought possible. He wouldn\rquote t give me up. He couldn\rquote t give me up.\par
We were one now. It\rquote d been written in the stars and on our very skin.\par
Escape.\par
The word slithered through my brain, bringing forth thoughts of London\par
and home. I shook my head, trying to dislodge the steadily building allure.\par
You could go home.\par
No, my home is here now.\par
But you\rquote d be safe again...\par
My steadfast promise to stay and steal Jethro from his heritage faded...I\par
became confused...\par
I swallowed, lubricating my throat. \ldblquote Jethro\emdash please...\rdblquote\par
I needed him to fight for me. To prove that this was my place, my\par
destiny.\par
Jethro clenched his jaw, shoving his chair back and standing. \ldblquote Quiet!\rdblquote\par
Pointing a finger at Facet, he growled. \ldblquote Do they, or do they not, have a\par
fucking warrant for what\rquote s mine?\rdblquote\par
Facet swallowed. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  I blurted, causing every man to look in my direction. \ldblquote How do\par
they have a warrant?\rdblquote\par
Facet\rquote s mouth fell open, looking to Cut to see if he should reply.\par
Cut glowered at me as if I\rquote d brought the apocalypse to his door.\par
No one spoke.\par
What did my father do?\par
How did V find a way to free me?\par
My heart winged thinking of my twin. He\rquote d promised he would never\par
give up. I should\rquote ve trusted him.\par
I should be more grateful.\par
I wanted to kill him. \par
He\rquote d ruined it. He\rquote d taken everything I\rquote d worked for and torn it away\par
from me.\par
I\rquote m alive and going home.\par
I\rquote m alive and going home.\par
The words repeated in my head.\par
I wouldn\rquote t be alive if it wasn\rquote t for Jethro.\par
I\rquote m in love with him.\par
He\rquote d infected me, and no matter how much distance was between us,\par
that would never change. I was his. And he was mine.\par
Jethro\rquote s eyes locked with me\emdash the golden depths burned with despair\par
and scorching agony. \ldblquote I warned him. I tried to stop...\rdblquote\par
He showed too much.\par
He felt too much.\par
My diamond collar grew heavier, colder.\par
You said you\rquote d be the last.\par
You promised you\rquote d end this.\par
My stomach somersaulted.\par
If they\rquote re here for you. Leave.\par
You have no choice.\par
I ached.\par
\ldblquote Warned who? What\rquote s happened? Jethro...I\rquote m not leaving. Even if they\par
are here for me.\rdblquote\par
Jethro didn\rquote t move. He looked as if the light in his soul had snuffed out.\par
The peace and openness of last night was gone. Disappeared.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll kill him for this,\rdblquote  he muttered.\par
Unfurling my hand, I looked at my inked finger. I needed him to know\par
that what happened last night wasn\rquote t a trick. He needed to know that I\par
intended to stay\emdash even though it might be the worst decision in the world.\par
My stomach clenched at the thought of leaving.\par
Facet blurted, \ldblquote Sir, they\rquote re here to take Nila Weaver home.\rdblquote\par
The words fell like bombs, detonating my last hope.\par
It\rquote s true then.\par
Cut stood up. He spoke slowly and with the blackest temper I\rquote d ever\par
seen. \ldblquote You\rquote re mistaken, boy. I suggest you get out of my sight. Tell\par
whoever threatened you to get off my fucking land.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re\emdash they\rquote re in the annex, sir. They said if we don\rquote t deliver the\par
girl within five minutes, they\rquote ll tear apart the place looking for her.\rdblquote\par
Jethro fisted his hands. \ldblquote Tell them she\rquote s mine and she\rquote s not going\par
anywhere.\rdblquote\par
Daniel stood. \ldblquote She\rquote s our Weaver now.\rdblquote\par
In a sick twisted way, the men imprisoning me were now on my side. I\par
was no longer just a betrayer to my ancestors but a betrayer to my father\par
and brother, too.\par
You would rather stay here than go home.\par
I would rather love and die young than be empty forever.\par
\ldblquote What is the meaning of this screeching inside my house?\rdblquote\par
All eyes turned to the raspy voice of Bonnie Hawk as she appeared in\par
the doorway.\par
Facet moved sideways, giving up his audience to the matriarch of this\par
insane family.\par
\ldblquote I see the plot has thickened.\rdblquote  Bonnie crooked a finger in my direction,\par
a large ruby glinting in the light. \ldblquote How did you do this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Me?\rdblquote  I glanced from Bonnie to Jethro. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t do it. I wouldn\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t her,\rdblquote  Jethro snapped. \ldblquote Get rid of the police. She\rquote s not\par
leaving.\rdblquote\par
My arms craved to wrap around him. To thank him for keeping me.\par
Bonnie shuffled closer, her long skirt dragging on the carpet. Her white\par
hair was curled and immaculate. \ldblquote She\rquote s brought scorn and blasphemy to our\par
name.\rdblquote  Her eyes bored into mine. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen what you do, little girl. I know\par
what you want. And you won\rquote t get it.\rdblquote  Pointing at the door, she ordered,\par
\ldblquote Get out.\rdblquote\par
Cut punched the table. \ldblquote No fucking\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s leaving this house.\rdblquote  Bonnie interrupted. \ldblquote Now.\rdblquote\par
Jethro moved to stand in front of me, blocking my body with his. \ldblquote She\rquote s\par
staying.\rdblquote\par
Bonnie smiled coldly. \ldblquote There is no other way. They\rquote re here for her.\par
She\rquote s going with them.\rdblquote  Her eyes narrowed. \ldblquote Don\rquote t make me repeat myself,\par
boy. You know as well as I do what your obligations are.\rdblquote\par
I grabbed Jethro\rquote s arm, unable to hide my emotions. If I hated the\par
Hawks as much as Cut believed, I should\rquote ve sprinted out the door, skipping\par
with happiness. Instead, Cut would see that something deeper had happened\par
\emdash something that would be severely punished.\par
But I didn\rquote t care.\par
Because if I didn\rquote t fight, this was over. Here and now.\par
\ldblquote Let me talk to them\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro spun to face me, his temper blazing. \ldblquote You want to talk to them?\par
To tell them what, exactly? The truth?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Enough!\rdblquote  Cut yelled. Looking at Bonnie, he frowned. \ldblquote You want her\par
gone?\rdblquote\par
Bonnie nodded, her red lipstick smeared on thin lips. \ldblquote Immediately.\rdblquote\par
Cut sighed, his leather jacket creaking as anger wisped off him. \ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote\par
he said sharply. \ldblquote Nila Weaver, get the fuck out of my house.\rdblquote\par
My heart crumbled.\par
Jethro crossed his arms, still shielding me. His ice slid back into place\par
turning him impenetrable. \ldblquote I\rquote m the firstborn, and I say she isn\rquote t fucking\par
leaving.\rdblquote\par
Cut moved around the table, his fists clenching. \ldblquote You dare do this here,\par
son? You know you\rquote ll lose\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wait!\rdblquote\par
A feminine voice whipped through the aching tension in the room.\par
\ldblquote Jaz? What the hell are you doing in here?\rdblquote  Jethro asked, his mask\par
slipping as he looked at his wheelchair bound sister.\par
She rolled into the dining room with the aid of a blonde-curled maid.\par
Jasmine\rquote s bronze eyes met Cut\rquote s. \ldblquote She can\rquote t go, Father. It\rquote s not finished.\rdblquote\par
Cut breathed hard through his nose, his temper throbbing beneath his\par
frayed self-control. \ldblquote Don\rquote t speak of things you don\rquote t understand. Jethro\par
didn\rquote t control the situation. This is his mess. He\rquote s failed.\rdblquote  Cut looked\par
piercingly at Jethro, sending goosebumps and terror down my spine. \ldblquote It\rquote s\par
over. He\rquote s done.\rdblquote\par
The way he spoke...it sounded like a death sentence.\par
Jethro gasped, true fear coating his face. \ldblquote It\rquote s not over\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut. Up.\rdblquote  Cut sliced the air with his arm, silencing him.  Looking at\par
me, he snapped, \ldblquote Leave, Ms. Weaver. Your time is up. I won\rquote t tell you\par
again.\rdblquote\par
Jasmine\rquote s gaze shot to Jethro\rquote s. \ldblquote Don\rquote t let her go, Kite.\rdblquote\par
Kite.\par
My soul splintered.\par
Bonnie shuffled forward. \ldblquote I see what you\rquote re doing, girl. Your family\par
have been clever with their tricks and treachery, but I won\rquote t let you spin any\par
more of your filth.\rdblquote  Her wrinkly skin furrowed deeper with rage. \ldblquote Get. Out.\par
Now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Was this always your plan, Father?\rdblquote  Jethro looked at Cut, panic and\par
rage twisted his face. \ldblquote You set me up to fail?\rdblquote  The depth of confusion and\par
agony in his voice broke my heart.\par
My eyes flared wide. I didn\rquote t understand.\par
\ldblquote Jethro...he doesn\rquote t matter. None of them do.\rdblquote  I squeezed his arm.\par
\ldblquote Believe in us. Believe in me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hush, stupid girl,\rdblquote  Bonnie snapped. \ldblquote You\rquote re the same as all the rest.\par
Get out.\rdblquote  Pointing at the door, she hissed, \ldblquote Go!\rdblquote\par
The other bikers didn\rquote t do a thing. Just sat and watched.\par
Jethro never tore his eyes off his father\emdash they were clouded and\par
strained. He was a trebuchet straining to release his tension.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t do this,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote Don\rquote t let them ruin what we have.\rdblquote\par
We were damned to our fates, brought together by a ridiculous vendetta.\par
Yet...something right had come out of something so wrong. We\rquote d somehow\par
found the one person we were meant to find.\par
I can\rquote t go.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t understand, Nila. It\rquote s not that easy.\rdblquote  Jethro looked at me,\par
running his newly inked finger along the inside of my wrist. \ldblquote Go, before it\rquote s\par
too late.\rdblquote\par
Memories of the way he\rquote d thrust inside me last night filled my mind. I\rquote d\par
meant what I said\emdash I felt him\emdash not just inside me, but what he hid inside\par
him.\par
It was more than truth.\par
It had been gospel in its legitimacy.\par
\ldblquote Jethro...it\rquote s too late already. I\rquote m meant to stay. With you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s right, Kite. Tell the police to leave. Find a way,\rdblquote  Jasmine said.\par
I looked at Jethro\rquote s sister in her navy wool dress and white pashmina in\par
her lap. Her face was pinched and full of concern. What did she know?\par
Why was she fighting on my side?\par
Cut slammed his fist onto the table with a resounding thump. \ldblquote Get your\par
hands off my son and get the fuck out!\rdblquote\par
Jethro's face darkened. His gaze sent a brutally painful message.\par
Leave...at least one of us will be free.\par
My body wound tighter and tighter.\par
Tears clogged my throat. \ldblquote I can\rquote t. I won\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
I won\rquote t be free without you.\par
Cut suddenly barked, \ldblquote Daniel, seeing as Ms. Weaver refuses to leave,\par
escort her off the premises.\rdblquote\par
Daniel chuckled, his eyes glittering as he moved quickly around the\par
table. \ldblquote With pleasure, Pop.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stop! All of you!\rdblquote  Jasmine shouted, but it didn\rquote t do any good.\par
In a flash, Daniel grabbed my elbow, hauling me away from Jethro,\par
from our bond, from the only existence I ever wanted.\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote\par
Daniel\rquote s voice licked into my ear. \ldblquote Fight me and I\rquote ll do something unfucking-forgivable. Do you want me to do that?\rdblquote\par
I tried to stomp on his foot. \ldblquote You\rquote re a bastard.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks for the compliment.\rdblquote\par
Jethro lunged, grabbing me and punching Daniel in the jaw. \ldblquote Get your\par
fucking hands off her.\rdblquote  Whipping me behind his body, he glowered at Cut.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll get rid of her.\rdblquote\par
Cut breathed hard. \ldblquote Good. Then I can deal with you.\rdblquote\par
Jethro jolted, every inch tight and breaking.\par
Without a word, he dragged me toward the exit. He trembled as if he\rquote d\par
shatter at any moment, buckling under the weight.\par
I squirmed, fighting my aching body. \ldblquote Let me go! I\rquote m not going\par
anywhere.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re leaving. If it\rquote s the last thing I do, at least I can keep you safe.\rdblquote\par
I struggled harder. \ldblquote Safe? I don\rquote t want to be safe. I want to be with\par
you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Quiet,\rdblquote  he choked, his face ashen. \ldblquote It\rquote s better this way.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re choosing them over me!\rdblquote  I tried to punch him. \ldblquote Stand up to\par
them. Leave with me. Don\rquote t stay here, Jethro.\rdblquote\par
He clenched his jaw and didn\rquote t reply.\par
He wasn\rquote t strong enough to fight for what we had.\par
He\rquote s choosing his family over me.\par
I rolled my arm, twisting out of his hold. Scurrying from his hands, I\par
turned to face Cut. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what power you hold over him, but it isn\rquote t\par
enough. He\rquote s mine, not yours.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nila\emdash don\rquote t!\rdblquote  Jethro grabbed me, dragging me backward. \ldblquote You don\rquote t\par
know what you\rquote re doing. For fuck\rquote s sake, don\rquote t make this worse than it\par
already is.\rdblquote\par
Cut grinned broadly. \ldblquote Congratulations, Nila. You\rquote ve successfully just\par
changed the future.\rdblquote  His eyes fell frigid and evil on Jethro. \ldblquote I thought there\par
was hope. But you were just too fucking weak.\rdblquote\par
The men shifted in their seats. Cut never moved. \ldblquote Get rid of the girl, Jet.\par
You and I have something we need to discuss.\rdblquote\par
Life seemed to siphon from Jethro\rquote s limbs, growing colder by the\par
second.\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Jasmine screeched, rolling forward. \ldblquote You can\rquote t. You promised!\rdblquote\par
Tears slid from her eyes, looking at her brother. \ldblquote Stop this, Kite. I\rquote m sorry.\par
I\rquote m so sorry for making you change, for causing\emdash\rdblquote  She stopped, unable to\par
speak through her sobs.\par
The worst horror I\rquote d ever felt slithered through my blood.\par
I\rquote m hollow. I\rquote m hurting. What the hell is happening?\par
Something darker was at work. This wasn\rquote t about me anymore. This\par
was about Jethro. His father.\par
What would they do to him the moment I left?\par
I wouldn\rquote t leave him behind.\par
Linking my fingers with his, I pulled. \ldblquote Jethro, come with me.\rdblquote\par
But he just stood there, rooted to the spot. His eyes wild, lips parted.\par
I hovered...waiting. Waiting for one tiny sign that he was still alive\par
beneath whatever fear had struck him mute.\par
Bonnie sidled up to me, bringing the sickening scent of rosewater and\par
biscuits. \ldblquote Goodbye, Ms. Weaver. You\rquote ve earned your freedom today at the\par
cost of another.\rdblquote  Leaning closer, she whispered, \ldblquote You\rquote re free, but this is far\par
from over, girl. Mark my words; you\rquote ll pay for what your family has done.\rdblquote\par
I stood taller, ready to fight even if Jethro wouldn\rquote t. \ldblquote Stop it, I\rquote m stay\par
\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro suddenly yelled, \ldblquote Go! Just fucking go.\rdblquote\par
The room froze, all eyes pinned on him.\par
He pointed at the door, shattering my heart into dust. \ldblquote Leave.\rdblquote\par
His eyes screamed the truth.\par
If you love me at all, you\rquote ll go.\par
I need you to go.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t ask me to do this,\rdblquote  I said, wiping away a fallen tear.\par
\ldblquote I can and I will.\rdblquote  Striding forward, he grabbed my face and kissed me\par
in front of everyone. His hands shook, his lips trembled.\par
He broke me completely.\par
\ldblquote Please, Nila. Do this for me. Let me make this right.\rdblquote\par
Pushing me gently to the door, he commanded, \ldblquote Go and don\rquote t look\par
back.\rdblquote\par
My world crumbled.\par
My legs didn\rquote t want to move.\par
My heart didn\rquote t want to beat.\par
His eyes begged me to obey.\par
Please...go.\par
Stumbling, I did the impossible.\par
I didn\rquote t look at Jasmine.\par
I didn\rquote t look at Jethro.\par
I kept moving.\par
I would honour him.\par
I would obey him.\par
Even though every inch of me bled.\par
Even though every part of me was dead.\par
I would go home.\par
I would find a way to fix this.\par
It wasn\rquote t over.\par
Two seconds later...\par
...\par
I was gone.\par
\f0\lang1033 *\lang9\par
Continue in Book 4!\par
\par
}
 