{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Nila.\par
IF I HAD known my life would change so drastically, I might have planned\par
a little better. Strategized a little smarter, researched a little deeper.\par
One moment I was the Darling of Milan, the next I was a Weaver\par
Whore.\par
But despite my lack of skills and weapons, I wasn\rquote t ready to go down\par
without a fight.\par
In fact, I prospered into a woman I\rquote d always been too afraid to find.\par
I became more than Nila Weaver.\par
More than daughter, twin-sister, and seamstress.\par
I became the woman who would bring down a family\rquote s legacy.\par
I evolved into the woman who captured a Hawk.\par
Jethro.\par
I STALKED TOWARD the stables and the very lodgings Nila had inhabited\par
the night before.\par
The image of her bounding away\f1\emdash pristine naked skin glowing in the\par
sunshine and long hair flowing like black silk\emdash played on a loop inside my\par
head.\par
Everything I\rquote d been prepared for\emdash every argument, every hardship I\rquote d\par
been drilled to expect\emdash hadn\rquote t prepared me for the complication that was\par
Nila Weaver. How could I understand and keep my bearings when the\par
bloody woman had more personalities than a Picasso painting?\par
Sometimes na\f0\'efve. Sometimes coy. Smart, fearful, proud, gullible.\par
And above all, evolving.\par
And rapidly.\par
I wasn\rquote t used to...mess. The chaos of a human psyche or the\par
overwhelming pull of emotions was not permitted in my world. In the short\par
time I\rquote d known her, she\rquote d successfully made me feel something I had no\par
fucking right to feel.\par
Don\rquote t admit it.\par
I balled my hands. No, I wouldn\rquote t admit it. I would never verbalize the\par
slow burn of possession in my gut or the confusion in my mind when it\par
came to understanding her.\par
Run, Nila. Run.\par
And she had.\par
Despite her nakedness, lack of sustenance, and the fact that my family\par
had just finished abusing her, she\rquote d glared into my eyes and bounded away\par
like a deer bolting from a gun. A flash of vulnerability glowed on her face\par
before she was swallowed by the forest.\par
I expected her to faint with her ridiculous condition\f1\emdash an experiment, as\par
it were, to see what she would do when I pretended to give her what she\par
wanted.\par
Run?\par
I never for a fucking moment thought she\rquote d do it.\par
I expected her to cower. To beg. To cry for the men in her life who had\par
let her down. But she\rquote d done none of those things. I\rquote d known her only\par
briefly, yet she\rquote d demanded more of me than any other woman ever had.\par
It wasn\rquote t permitted, and now that she\rquote d run, she\rquote d given away more of\par
the disarray inside her. I\rquote d glimpsed the perplexing woman who\rquote d become\par
my charge, prisoner, and plaything.\par
Someone who had successfully confused the shit out of me.\par
As much as you don\rquote t understand her, you want her. She came on your\par
tongue, for fuck\rquote s sake.\par
I stopped in my tracks. She\rquote d fought me on every turn, yet the moment\par
I\rquote d claimed her in front of my brothers, she\rquote d given me ultimate control.\par
She\rquote d spread her legs and forced her hips into my mouth, giving\par
complete authority for me to lick and nibble and drive her high until she\par
shattered, regardless if she meant to do it or not, she\rquote d used me for pleasure.\par
She\rquote d gotten off on me fingering her.\par
My cock stiffened.\par
The taste of her still lingered in my mouth\emdash the phantom pressure of\par
her cunt squeezing my tongue as she rocketed skyward and detonated. Her\par
fingernails had scraped the table, hands spread thanks to the brothers\par
holding her down. But she hadn\rquote t squirmed to get away from me.\par
No, she\rquote d fought to get closer.\par
And I\rquote d obliged.\par
Drowning myself in her scent, bruising my lips as I licked her harder\par
and harder.\par
She\rquote d squirmed and moaned and gasped. She\rquote d delivered herself into\par
my clutches, all because I knew how to make a woman come.\par
But she didn\rquote t just give me her pleasure.\par
Christ, no.\par
She\rquote d given me the briefest taste of how divine it would be to own, not\par
just her body, but her mind and soul, too.\par
It was addicting.\par
It was fucking twisting with my head.\par
I growled under my breath, striding onward. The bloody hard-on I\rquote d\par
sported since she walked into my life poisoned me, turning me against\par
everything I knew, everything I\rquote d embraced since I learned the meaning of\par
survival and discipline.\par
Hot lust tumbled through my veins.\par
How could I stay the cold beast I\rquote d been groomed to be when my blood\par
raged for another little taste? Another little indulgence of her tight, wet\par
heat.\par
Shit, I was going to make myself come if I didn\rquote t stop thinking about\par
her.\par
My cock rippled, totally agreeing.\par
I shook my head, breaking into a jog toward the stables.\par
You will remain everything you are.\par
You will.\par
There was no other choice in the matter.\par
I\rquote d been taught to be the master of my emotions. I prided myself on\par
embracing all that he taught me. One little Weaver would not undermine\par
me. This was the way of our world.\par
My world.\par
Her world.\par
No matter how she bewitched me, no matter how she turned my body\par
and willpower against me, I wouldn\rquote t give in.\par
She\rquote d learn that soon enough.\par
The moment I caught her, she\rquote d learn her place. The moment I had her\par
back in my arms, she\rquote d never run again.\par
That was a fucking promise.\par
It\rquote s time to hunt.\par
The stables were empty apart from Kes\rquote s polo pony, my father\rquote s prized\par
thoroughbred, Black Plague, and my ebony gelding, Fly Like The Wind.\par
That was his show and hunting name. In private, I had another name for\par
him.\par
Wings.\par
Because riding him allowed me to fly the fuck away from here and find\par
a small sliver of freedom.\par
Nila wasn\rquote t the only one who wanted to run. Unlike my prey, I faced my\par
demons and embraced them. I made them work for me, rather than control\par
me, and forced them to submit by bowing at my feet.\par
Just like I\rquote d make her do the moment I found her.\par
The instant he saw me, Wings\rquote  velvet ears pricked, his metal shoes\par
clicking against hay-strewn cobblestone.\par
A stable boy appeared from mucking out the stalls. \ldblquote Sir?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Saddle him. I mean to leave in fifteen minutes.\rdblquote\par
You told her you\rquote d give her forty-five.\par
I shrugged.\par
There was no point giving her any longer. Her feet would bleed from\par
running barefoot. Her skin would bruise from whatever ludicrous illness she\par
battled. And it would all be for nothing.\par
Contrary to what she thought of me, I wasn\rquote t a monster.\par
I needed her strong.\par
Plus, I could grant hours, days even for her to run\emdash but she\rquote d never\par
make it to the boundary.\par
I knew that completely and utterly.\par
I knew, because I\rquote d been in the exact same situation she was\emdash only it\par
hadn\rquote t been summer like it was now, but middle of winter. Training, he\rquote d\par
said. Masculine growth, he\rquote d lectured. Run in the snow, become the ice that\par
drips from boughs and stems. Use the primal part of yourself to seek out the\par
edge of our property, or pay the price.\par
Three days I\rquote d run, jogged, and crawled. Three days I didn\rquote t find the\par
boundary.\par
I was found the same way I would find Nila. Not through tracking or\par
GPS or even the cameras dotted sparsely over the grounds.\par
No. I have much better means.\par
My lips twisted into a smile as I traversed the courtyard from stable to\par
kennel. I whistled, listening to the scrabble of claws and excited yips inside.\par
Then the hounds bounded from their home, bumping into each other,\par
wriggling like they\rquote d been electrocuted.\par
I stood tall, letting the sea of canines wash around my knees. Eleven in\par
total, all with keen ears, sensitive smell, and the training of a hunter.\par
Leaving them to sniff manically around the yard, I headed into the tack\par
room where supplies, medicines, and feed were stored for the horses.\par
My hands drifted over the blanket Nila had used.\par
My cock lurched, remembering how lost and young she\rquote d looked with\par
hay in her hair and eyes raw from tears. Yet she\rquote d writhed on my fingers\par
like a fucking minx. Her hips had tilted, seeking more as if she were born to\par
be pleasured.\par
My balls ached for a release. Goddammit, I needed to come. Twice now\par
she\rquote d brought me to the edge, only to ruin the ending.\par
This wasn\rquote t me\emdash I was never this sex-driven or clouded. I couldn\rquote t\par
think straight.\par
The second I caught her, I was taking her. Rules be damned.\par
You think she wants you, knowing what you\rquote re going to do to her?\par
The question caught me in a trap with sharp teeth.\par
I froze.\par
What the hell sort of question was that?\par
One I\rquote d never had before or even contemplated. My hands curled. I\par
wasn\rquote t allowed to consider someone else\rquote s wellbeing. Never allowed to\par
be...compassionate. The closest thing I had to a friend was my younger\par
brother, Kestrel. He somehow escaped the conditioning by Bryan Hawk.\par
Kes took after our mother. God rest her soul.\par
And Daniel.\par
He took after the fucking psychopath who\rquote d been our uncle until my\par
father killed him for almost exposing us all those years ago.\par
Not for the first time, I wondered if my entire family tree was bat-shit\par
crazy.\par
In the end, none of it mattered. Not heritage, or destinies, or debts.\par
The moment Nila came on my tongue, she owed me. Not my family.\par
Me.\par
The least she could do was reciprocate.\par
Shaking my head, I gathered up a saddlebag and stuffed everything I\par
would need inside. With each item I picked up, my heart thawed then\par
refroze. A blanket of snow grew thicker with every heartbeat. As ice\par
glittered and crept over my soul, the silence from my colliding thoughts\par
deepened until all weakness, ideas of running, and traitorous concepts of\par
betraying my family disappeared.\par
I sighed in relief as I slipped back into my icicle-barred cage.\par
You\rquote re tired, overworked, and dealing with a runaway. Keep your head\par
in the game.\par
I knew what would happen if I lost control. I could not let that happen.\par
I checked my watch.\par
Twenty minutes.\par
Long enough. To her it would feel as if she\rquote d run for miles. She would\par
never know the difference.\par
Turning to go, I brushed past the shelf where my extra whips and spurs\par
were stored. I grabbed one, sticking a whip through my belt.\par
It would come in handy if she disobeyed.\par
Taking a pair of sunglasses, I quickly traded my dress shoes for kneehigh riding boots, and checked inventory. Pity I didn\rquote t have time to change.\par
Jeans were a bitch to ride in\emdash terrible chafing on long excursions.\par
But this isn\rquote t going to be a long ride.\par
A smile stretched my lips. No, it wasn\rquote t going to be long. But it will be\par
fun. And fun wasn\rquote t something I got to indulge in very often.\par
Exiting the gloomy tack room, I squinted in the bright sunlight and\par
slipped the silver-tinted aviators over my eyes. Wings stood obediently by\par
his hobbling post, his equine coat gleaming like the rare black diamonds we\par
mined.\par
The foxhounds barked and threaded around each other like an organism,\par
never taking their eyes off me as I gathered my reins and placed a foot into\par
the stirrup. Swinging my leg over the massive animal, the rush of being on\par
something so powerful whipped through my bones.\par
Wings was eighteen hands of pure fucking muscle. He was the fastest\par
horse the Hawks\rquote  owned, excluding my father\rquote s race horse, Black Plague,\par
and he hadn\rquote t been hunting in days.\par
He pranced in place, his large lungs huffing with anticipation.\par
The energy vibrating from his bulk infected me, reminding me who I\par
was and the life of privilege I lived.\par
Twisting his head toward the open grounds of Hawksridge Hall, I dug\par
my spurs into Wings\rquote  side.\par
An insane surge of power detonated through the animal\rquote s muscles.\par
Wings went from stationary to flying, his hooves clattering with speed.\par
With a sharp whistle, I summoned my canine companions.\par
The sharp scent of dug-up turf hit my nostrils as we tore across the\par
grass.\par
I\rquote m coming for you, Nila Weaver.\par
I\rquote m coming.\par
Over the roar of galloping thunder, I commanded, \ldblquote Chase her.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
MY LUNGS BURNED.\par
My feet stung.\par
My legs ached.\par
Every inch of me screamed with fear.\par
Run. Run. Run.\par
I lowered my head, pushing harder, forcing my body to find nonexistent energy and propel myself from hell toward salvation.\par
How long did I run? I didn\rquote t know. How far did I get? Probably not\par
very.\par
But no matter the stitches in my side or the spasms in my lungs, I kept\par
going. Kept running. I thanked God for my endless nights of pounding the\par
treadmill, and for the first time in my life, was thankful for my small chest\par
size.\par
Shadows chased my every step. The sun remained blocked by the tree\par
canopy. The yellow glow was still light, still bright, coaxing me on,\par
screaming at me to get up when I stumbled, and ordering my tears to stop as\par
I gasped for breath.\par
I kept running\f1\emdash zigzagging as much as I could, cutting through a\par
stream, and almost rolling my ankle on the slippery rocks below. I did\par
everything I\rquote d ever seen survivalists do when being hunted.\par
With my heart whizzing, I bypassed woodland trails, avoided muddy\par
paths, and obscured my scent as much as possible.\par
But I knew in my heart, it wouldn\rquote t be good enough.\par
He\rquote ll find you.\par
My body begged to stop and let the inevitable happen. To stop\par
punishing myself for no purpose. My mind howled in frustration as lactic\par
acid burned in my limbs.\par
It won\rquote t work. Give up.\par
Go on, just...stop.\par
I shook my head, driving myself harder.\par
He\rquote ll catch you.\par
It wasn\rquote t a matter of if, but when.\par
I could run for years, and he would still find me. How did I know? I\par
didn\rquote t trust him.\par
I didn\rquote t believe he\rquote d let me get away so easily. Everything about him\par
was a carefully scripted lie. Why should his word be any different?\par
I had no doubt if he didn\rquote t find me, something else would\emdash a snare, a\par
trap\emdash something just waiting to ambush its prey.\par
Every footfall I tensed, waiting for death\emdash wondering if that last step\par
would trigger a net or an arrow to my heart.\par
Stop running.\par
Just...stop, Nila.\par
My breathless inner voice was tired and hungry and completely worn\par
out. My muscles cramped. My mind seized with too many questions.\par
At least it was summer, and I didn\rquote t have to combat the cold on top of\par
everything else. My skin glistened with sweat from exercising so hard.\par
But I hated the defeat in my soul\emdash the rapidly spilling courage and\par
hope.\par
This wasn\rquote t about the chase. We all knew who would win. It was about\par
defiance. The word that I never knew or put into practice until last night,\par
but now I lived and breathed it. I would be the most defiant thorn, stabbing\par
holes in Jethro\rquote s carefully made plans. \par
I would never be able to win. The only way I had a chance at surviving\par
long enough to reap vengeance on the men who ruined my ancestors was to\par
fight his ice with fire.\par
I had to burn.\par
I had to blaze.\par
I had to cinder his beliefs and control to the ground. And smear his soul\par
with the ashes of his sins.\par
A loud howl came on the breeze.\par
My knees locked, slamming me to a standstill.\par
No. Please, no.\par
My heart squeezed. I should\rquote ve guessed. He wouldn\rquote t run after me like\par
a typical chase. Why would he waste his energy hunting in the wrong\par
direction?\par
He was smarter than that. Colder than that. He\rquote d use the tools he had to\par
make sure this little inconvenience was over and dealt with. Of course, he\par
would use the very animals who\rquote d become my friends last night.\par
Teaching me not one but two lessons in quick succession. One, the\par
animals currently tracking me, currently hunting me, were not my friends,\par
no matter how warm and cosy they\rquote d been last night. And two, everything\par
here, no matter human or animal, would not hesitate to kill me.\par
The thought depressed then infected me with strength I\rquote d only just\par
become acquainted with. There was no hope at making Jethro feel. The\par
only hope I had was to fight ruthlessness with ruthlessness.\par
I had to contest him on every step and ignite that spark buried deep\par
within.\par
Another howl and a bark.\par
Energy shot through my body, hot and bullet-fierce.\par
I took off again, sprinting down a small hill, holding onto branches as a\par
rush of vertigo threatened to spill me into nettles and brambles.\par
The collar on my throat was heavy, but at least it had warmed. The\par
diamonds no longer felt alien but a part of me. The courage of my\par
ancestors. The spirit-strength of women I\rquote d never met, living in a piece of\par
jewellery throbbing with their guidance and energy.\par
The hatred and repulsion I felt toward the collar disappeared. Yes, the\par
Hawks had given it to me, sentencing me to death with an action I couldn\rquote t\par
think about, but they\rquote d given me a piece of my family. A piece of history I\par
could use to my advantage.\par
Another bark, followed by a loud whistle.\par
You can\rquote t outrun him.\par
I scowled at my pessimism.\par
But you can hide.\par
I shook my head, fighting tears as a twig dug into the sole of my foot.\par
I wouldn\rquote t be able to hide. He came with foxhounds. Their noses were\par
legendary.\par
Up high. Get up high.\par
I skidded to a stop. My neck craned as I peered up the length of a\par
knobbly-looking tree. The branches were symmetrically placed, the leaves\par
not exactly thick but its trunk strong enough to take me from earth to sky.\par
I\rquote d never climbed anything in my life. I could fall to my death. I could\par
cripple myself when I suffered a vertigo wave. I\rquote d never been stupid\par
enough to try.\par
You\rquote ve never had to run for survival, either.\par
Shoving useless fears away, I moved toward the tree with out-stretched\par
hands. It didn\rquote t matter I\rquote d never climbed one. It didn\rquote t matter I\rquote d avoided\par
all gym games and apparatuses, because I only ended up getting hurt.\par
I would climb the damn thing and conquer it.\par
I have no choice.\par
Either stay on the ground and sit quietly for him to arrive, run blindly\par
through woodland, or climb.\par
I\rquote ll climb.\par
My toes gripped the base of the tree as I reached for the first branch. I\par
put my weight on it.\par
It snapped.\par
Shit!\par
Another bark\emdash loud and clear, just over the ridge.\par
I moved.\par
Scrabbling at the tree, I hugged the rough bark and hurled myself up,\par
reaching like a crazed, climb-retarded monkey for a branch just out of\par
grabbing distance. I didn\rquote t think I\rquote d make it. I closed my eyes in preparation\par
for a painful fall, but by some miracle, my fingers latched around the\par
bough, clinging harder than ever before.\par
Go. Go!\par
I gave myself over to a skill I\rquote d never used but hoped remained dormant\par
in some part of my human evolution. I placed my foot against the bark,\par
pulling upward with my hands. I reached for the next.\par
And the next.\par
And the next.\par
My breath came hard and ragged, my heart an overworking drum.\par
I used the tree as my own personal stepladder to freedom, climbing\par
higher and higher until I daren\rquote t look down in case I blacked out and\par
tumbled from heaven to hell.\par
A large thundering came, overshadowing the yips and excited barks of\par
dogs. The leaves around me shuddered as footfalls of a bigger beast came\par
closer.\par
Had Jethro come with others? Would Daniel be with him? Or even his\par
father?\par
My skin rippled with hatred. I meant what I\rquote d said. I would find a way\par
to kill them all before this was over. I wouldn\rquote t let them spill any more\par
Weaver blood. It was the Hawks\rquote  turn.\par
I\rquote ll make them pay.\par
Turning slowly, cursing my shaking legs and suddenly nervous hands, I\par
faced the forest floor from which I\rquote d climbed. I was at least two and half\par
stories up.\par
I closed my eyes, swallowing hard.\par
Don\rquote t fall. Don\rquote t even think about falling.\par
Faintness existed on my outer vision, teasing me with the awfulness of\par
what could happen. I dug my fingernails into the bark, lowering myself\par
slowly onto the branch. The minute I was sitting, with the roughness of the\par
tree biting into my unprotected behind, I wrapped an arm around the trunk\par
and sat wedged against the wood.\par
I looked around for weapons, but there were none. No pine cones. No\par
easily snappable branches to stab him with. All I had was the element of\par
disappearing. A naked girl vanishing into the green haze of the forest.\par
My heart lodged in my throat as the first dog appeared. I didn\rquote t\par
recognise him from the night spent in the kennels. He whirled around and\par
around, sniffing the spot where I\rquote d stood.\par
Another dog appeared, then another and another, pouring from the\par
woods like ants, growling in delight at the strength of my trail.\par
Distress gripped my stomach.\par
Go away, damn you.\par
Then, he arrived.\par
Sitting proudly astride a black horse, so big it looked like a beast from\par
the underworld, he cantered into being. His polished boots soaked up the\par
dappling sunlight; a whip with a diamond wedged on the handle glinted\par
menacingly.\par
He looked in his element.\par
A gentleman out hunting with his faithful steed and gallant party of\par
dogs. His silvering hair sparkled like tinsel in the sun. His ageless face the\par
epitome of ferocity and winning.\par
In his late twenties, Jethro wore command like one would wear cologne.\par
His strong jaw, pursed lips, and sculptured brow shouted power\emdash true\par
power. And there was nothing anyone could do about it.\par
Sitting with his back ramrod straight and hands fisted in the horse\rquote s\par
reins, he was...majestic. It didn\rquote t matter if I hated him or wanted him. That\par
fact would always be true.\par
Excitement blazed in his eyes as he scanned the undergrowth, a smile\par
teasing his lips. \par
How long had this farce been going on? An hour? Maybe two? Had he\par
kept his word and given me the full forty-five minutes? Somehow, I\par
doubted it.\par
\ldblquote Find her, goddammit,\rdblquote  he snapped, losing his smile and glaring at the\par
dogs.\par
The canines wove around his horse\rquote s legs, sniffing, darting into bushes\par
only to come back to try all over again.\par
Jethro spun in his saddle, planting a hand on the rump of his horse,\par
glowering into the dense foliage. \ldblquote Have you stopped running, Ms. Weaver,\par
or have you somehow managed to trick my companions?\rdblquote  His voice caused\par
the leaves to shiver, almost as if they wished to hide me further.\par
I held my breath, hoping to God he didn\rquote t look up.\par
A foxhound with a large black ear barked and took off down the path I\par
would\rquote ve continued on if I hadn\rquote t decided to prolong my freedom by\par
hiding.\par
Jethro shook his head. \ldblquote No. She\rquote s around here. Find her.\rdblquote\par
The dog licked its muzzle, baying in the direction its wriggling body\par
wanted to go. The rest of the dogs, either brainwashed by their leader or\par
picking up on the scent of rabbit, all joined in the urge to leave.\par
My heart galloped. Please, let him go.\par
I might have a chance, after all.\par
The horse pranced\emdash hyped up on the dogs\rquote  energy, wanting to chase\par
after them.\par
Jethro stayed steadfast, his hand expertly holding the reins so tight the\par
poor beast had no choice but to tread on the spot. His long legs wrapped\par
hard around the animal, sticking glinting silver spurs into its sides. \ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote\par
he growled.\par
The horse huffed, tossing its head, fighting the tight possession of its\par
mouth. It cantered in place, puffing hard through velvet nostrils.\par
The dogs disobeyed.\par
Their patience was done and with a loud howl, they took off in a cloud\par
of tan, white, and black.\par
\ldblquote Christ\rquote s sake,\rdblquote  Jethro muttered. \ldblquote Fine.\rdblquote  Digging his heels hard, the\par
horse broke into a gallop, disappearing in a whirl of black through the\par
undergrowth.\par
Shakes. They attacked me hard and fast the second he\rquote d disappeared.\par
Hope attacked me second.\par
Unbelievable hope hijacked my limbs turning me into shivering jelly\par
until I was sure the entire tree vibrated. Did I actually stand a chance at\par
making it to freedom? Could I make it to the boundary and escape their\par
clutches?\par
I could save all of us\emdash my father, brother, future daughters.\par
\ldblquote Life is complicated, Threads. You don\rquote t know the half of it.\rdblquote  My\par
father\rquote s voice popped into my head. Anger filled me. Dreadful, terrible\par
anger toward the man who was supposed to keep me safe. If he knew this\par
would happen, why hadn\rquote t he protected me? I\rquote d always trusted him. Always\par
followed his rule explicitly. To see him as human who made a mistake\emdash\par
many mistakes\emdash hurt.\par
A lot.\par
A wave of sickness had me clutching the tree; I swallowed back the\par
misfortune of having vertigo along with the emotional upheaval of what I\rquote d\par
lived through.\par
The foreignness of dried saliva on my body made my skin crawl. The\par
memory of shattering beneath Jethro\rquote s tongue totally blasphemous.\par
The sun glinted through the canopy\emdash highlighting trails of where men\par
had licked me.\par
My stomach threatened to evict the emptiness inside. I was hungry,\par
dehydrated, and cracked out on adrenaline. But beneath it all, my soul\par
ached with growing pains. My claws were forming, my tail twitching with\par
annoyance.\par
It didn\rquote t escape my knowledge that, as a kitten, I\rquote d stayed on the\par
ground. But now I was in a tree\emdash did that make me a panther? A feline\par
predator that hunted from above, unseen?\par
I liked that idea.\par
Forcing myself to concentrate on the trees surrounding me, I strained\par
my ears to hear.\par
Only insects and birds. No Jethro. \par
How far was it to the boundary? What direction should I go?\par
Time seemed to slow, braiding with the fluffy white clouds above as if\par
there were no cares in the world.\par
It was hypnotic. \par
The lack of sustenance in my stomach made me tired; I needed a rest.\par
Just a little one.\par
The screech of a crow snapped me awake.\par
Shit!\par
How could I have faded out like that?\par
How long had passed? It could\rquote ve been hours or just minutes.\par
I have no idea.\par
My heart rabbited, energy heating my limbs. Move. Run again.\par
Jethro was far away. I couldn\rquote t hear him or the howls of hounds.\par
Looking at the ground, my lungs crawled into my mouth. Down there, I\par
didn\rquote t feel safe...up here, I did.\par
Move!\par
I couldn\rquote t move.\par
I would probably cling to my sanctuary until I died of hunger and\par
became fossilized. To be found like a mosquito wrapped in amber a\par
thousand years from now.\par
The thought made me smile.\par
Would they be able to bring me back to life like in Jurassic Park,\par
outliving the Hawks by thousands of years to finally have the last laugh?\par
A twig snapped below, wrenching my attention back to the forest floor.\par
Oh, shit.\par
Squirrel stood below, looking directly into my eyes. His bristle tail\par
wagged back and forth, his tongue lolling happily. He yipped, scrabbling at\par
the tree.\par
Tears.\par
I couldn\rquote t hold them back.\par
The one dog that\rquote d granted such comfort last night was the one to ruin\par
my future today.\par
How could you?\par
I wanted to scream at him for destroying me.\par
Jethro stepped silently from the shadows like a glacial ghost. His horse\par
was hidden, along with the pack of dogs. In his hand, he held the whip and\par
a saddlebag.\par
He touched the end of the whip to his temple in a salute. \ldblquote Well played,\par
Ms. Weaver. I didn\rquote t think you\rquote d have the coordination to climb. I must\par
admit, foolhardy of me not to think of all avenues.\rdblquote  A smile crept across his\par
lips. \ldblquote I suppose desperation will make one do things they might not\par
ordinarily be able to achieve.\rdblquote\par
Stepping forward, he nudged Squirrel out of the way. \ldblquote What I would\par
like to know is how did you manage to stay up there? Did you not have\par
another one of your annoying fainting incidents?\rdblquote\par
The oxygen in my lungs turned into spikes and spurs, digging painfully\par
into my sides. I held tighter to the tree, wondering if I could kill him from\par
up here.\par
When I didn\rquote t respond, he smirked. \ldblquote You look positively wild up there.\par
My own little forest creature, caught in my web.\rdblquote\par
My arms lashed tighter around the trunk.\par
Jethro shifted, his movements quiet even with the leaf matter littering\par
the earth. The happiness from his victory dissolved. \ldblquote Come down. It\rquote s over.\par
I\rquote ve won.\rdblquote  He smiled, but it didn\rquote t reach his eyes. \ldblquote Or do me a favour and\par
fall out. That vertigo has to be useful for something.\rdblquote  Spreading his arms,\par
he muttered, \ldblquote Go on, I\rquote ll catch you.\rdblquote\par
The strength that seemed to feed off Jethro\rquote s cruelty churned hot in my\par
stomach. \ldblquote You should know me by now. I won\rquote t obey you. You or the rest\par
of your family.\rdblquote\par
He chuckled. \ldblquote Found a backbone up there, did you?\rdblquote\par
I bared my teeth. \ldblquote I found it the moment you stole me from my family\par
and showed me what a monster you are.\rdblquote\par
He held up the whip, a shadow falling over his features. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t steal\par
you\emdash you belong to us. I only took what was rightfully mine. And I\rquote m no\par
monster.\rdblquote\par
My heart raced. \ldblquote You don\rquote t know the meaning of the word, so how can\par
you define yourself?\rdblquote\par
He narrowed his eyes. \ldblquote I think the height of the tree is giving you false\par
confidence. I doubt you\rquote d be talking to me that way if you were down\par
here.\rdblquote  He twitched the whip. \ldblquote Where I could reach you, hit you, make you\par
behave like you ought to.\rdblquote\par
He\rquote s testing you.\par
I tilted my chin, looking down my nose. \ldblquote You\rquote re right. I probably\par
wouldn\rquote t, but right now I have the advantage, and I mean to use it.\rdblquote\par
He laughed, absently stroking Squirrel\rquote s head as the dog plonked\par
himself by Jethro's feet. \ldblquote Advantage? I wouldn\rquote t go that far, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
My skin crawled at the use of my last name. He didn\rquote t use it out of\par
consideration or even because the address was my identity\emdash he used it to\par
keep the barrier between us cold and impenetrable.\par
What is he so afraid of? That my first name will make him waver in his\par
ludicrous family\rquote s goals?\par
\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you call me Nila?\rdblquote  I leaned forward, not caring I was naked\par
or stuck in a tree. I had the power for however long I kept him talking. \ldblquote Are\par
you afraid using my first name is too personal? That you\rquote ll start to feel\par
something for me?\rdblquote\par
He sneered. \ldblquote You\rquote re doing it again.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Doing what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What you did at the stables. Showing me sides of you that you\rquote ve kept\par
hidden, in the hopes it will spark some sort of humanness in me.\rdblquote  He shook\par
his head. \ldblquote I\rquote m not someone you can manipulate.\rdblquote\par
A small smile stretched my lips. \ldblquote I already did.\rdblquote  Gathering my leaftangled hair, I draped it over my shoulder. The last dregs of sunshine\par
disappeared behind a cloud, leaving us in green shadows.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  His nostrils flared, his temper sparking like an uncontrolled\par
blaze.\par
I smiled, enjoying his annoyance. He claimed he was cold-hearted and\par
impervious. He lied.\par
I\rquote ll show him. I\rquote ll prove he\rquote s as ill-equipped to play this charade as I\par
am.\par
\ldblquote Do you want me to paint it out for you? To show you how hypocritical\par
you are?\rdblquote\par
He grabbed Squirrel\rquote s ear, making the dog flinch. Squirrel moved away,\par
an angry reproof in his black eyes. \ldblquote Careful, Ms. Weaver,\rdblquote  Jethro\par
whispered. \ldblquote Everything you say up there will have consequences when you\par
get down here.\rdblquote\par
I refused to let fear quiet me. Not when I had the freedom to speak\emdash no\par
matter how brief.\par
\ldblquote Nila. My name is Nila. Say it. It seems we\rquote re going to be spending a\par
lot of time together, so you might as well save yourself breath when you\par
need to summon me. Or do you like reminding yourself that I\rquote m a Weaver?\par
Your so-called hated enemy. Do you need to reinforce that knowledge every\par
time? How about that beloved silence you keep claiming you wield? You\par
think you hide so well. Listen up. You don\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
Jethro backed away, crossing his arms. A dark, unreadable expression\par
etched his face. \ldblquote I call you by your last name out of respect.\rdblquote  He spat the\par
last word. \ldblquote We aren\rquote t friends. We aren\rquote t even acquaintances. We\rquote ve been\par
thrown into this together, and it\rquote s up to me to make the fucking rules on\par
how you\rquote ll be treated.\rdblquote\par
We both froze, breathing hard.\par
Oh, my God.\par
He\rquote s been thrown into this. My mind charged ahead with questions.\par
Did he not want this?\par
Was he forced, same as me?\par
Jethro hissed, \ldblquote Get out of the fucking tree. I want to be home before\par
dark.\rdblquote\par
Hoarding my questions and the small furl of hope, I pointed at the sky.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s already dusk. How long did you hunt me, Jethro? How long did you\par
search for a vulnerable, weak, little Weaver?\rdblquote\par
He ignored my questions, focusing on the last part of my sentence. \ldblquote You\par
think you\rquote re weak?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, you think I\rquote m weak.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How so?\rdblquote\par
I straightened my shoulders. There was a...genuineness in his tone. The\par
animosity between us suddenly...disappeared. It took me a few seconds to\par
answer. My voice was quieter, less abrasive. \ldblquote You think I\rquote ll put up with\par
what you plan to do with me\emdash that I won\rquote t fight? That I won\rquote t do\par
everything in my power to stop you from killing me?\rdblquote\par
His face battled with a smirk and understanding. He settled on a frosty\par
grimace. \ldblquote Of course, I expect it. If you didn't, I\rquote d say you were already dead\par
inside. No one wants to die.\rdblquote\par
I had no reply to that. A chill darted over my skin. For the first time, we\par
were talking. So much had happened since we met. There was so much\par
between us that it felt as if we\rquote d been fighting this war for years\emdash which\par
maybe we had, and we just didn\rquote t know it.\par
\ldblquote What do you mean to do with me?\rdblquote  I whispered, dropping all pretence\par
and opting for truth.\par
He jerked, his eyes tightening at the softness in my tone. \ldblquote I\rquote ve told\par
you.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote No, you haven\rquote t.\rdblquote  I looked away. \ldblquote You\rquote ve threatened\par
me. You\rquote ve made me come in a room full of men, and you\rquote ve told me the\par
method of my death. None of that\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re saying that isn\rquote t being honest about your future?\rdblquote\par
I glared. \ldblquote I wasn\rquote t finished. I was going to say, before you rudely\par
interrupted, what else is there?\rdblquote\par
His mouth parted in surprise. \ldblquote Else? You\rquote re asking what else there is to\par
this debt?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Forget the debt. Tell me what to expect. Give me that at least, so I can\par
prepare myself.\rdblquote\par
He cocked his hip, trailing the whip through the rotten leaves by his\par
feet. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
He nodded. \ldblquote Why should I give you what you want? This isn\rquote t a power\par
exchange, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
I bit my lip, wincing at the sudden hunger pains in my stomach. What\par
did I have that he wanted? What could I hope to bribe him with or entice\par
some feeling of protectiveness and kindness?\par
I have nothing.\par
I hung my head.\par
Silence existed, thick and heavy like the rolling dusk.\par
Amazingly, Jethro murmured, \ldblquote Come down, and I\rquote ll answer three\par
questions.\rdblquote\par
My head shot up. \ldblquote Give me answers now, before I come down.\rdblquote\par
He planted his boots deeper into the mulch-covered dirt. \ldblquote Don\rquote t push\par
me, woman. You\rquote ve already gotten more conversation out of me than my\par
family. Don\rquote t make me hate you for causing me to feel weak.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You feel weak?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ms. fucking Weaver. Climb down here, right now.\rdblquote  His temper\par
exploded, smashing through his iceberg shell, giving me a hint at the man I\par
knew existed.\par
A man with blood as hot as any other.\par
A man with so many unresolved issues, he\rquote d tied himself into untieable\par
knots.\par
My heartbeat clamoured as Jethro\rquote s ice fell back into place, blocking\par
everything I just glimpsed.\par
I sucked in a breath. \ldblquote Hypocrite.\rdblquote\par
He seethed. \ldblquote What did you just say?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You heard me.\rdblquote  Standing on awkward legs, I hugged the tree. \ldblquote Three\par
questions? I want five.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Three.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Five.\rdblquote\par
Jethro moved suddenly, stomping to the base of the tree, gripping the\par
bottom branch. \ldblquote If you make me climb up there to get you, you\rquote ll be\par
fucking sorry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fine!\rdblquote  I moved carefully, wondering how the hell I would climb down.\par
\ldblquote Call me Nila and I\rquote ll obey.\rdblquote\par
He growled under his breath. \ldblquote Goddammit, you push me.\rdblquote\par
Someone has to. Someone has to smash that hypocritical shell.\par
I waited, face pressed against knobbly bark, fighting against the\par
weakness in my limbs from exhaustion and hunger.\par
The mere thought of climbing down terrified me.\par
Jethro paced, crunching the undergrowth beneath his black boots. He\par
snapped, \ldblquote I will never say your first name. I will never be controlled into\par
doing something I don\rquote t want to do ever fucking again\emdash especially by you.\par
So, go ahead, stay in your tree. I\rquote ll just camp down here until you either fall\par
or wither away. I don\rquote t revel in the thought of you dying in such a fashion. I\par
don\rquote t relish the conversation I would have when I returned empty-handed\par
with just a diamond collar sliced from your lifeless neck, but never think\par
you can make me do something I don\rquote t want to do. You\rquote ll lose.\rdblquote\par
He smashed the whip against the tree trunk, making me jump. \ldblquote Is that\par
quite understood?\rdblquote\par
His temper seethed from below, covering me like a horrible quilt of\par
scorn. I pressed my forehead against the bark, cursing myself.\par
For a moment, he\rquote d seemed normal.\par
For one fraction of time, I didn\rquote t fear him because I saw something in\par
him that might, just might, be my salvation.\par
But he\rquote d been pushed too far by others. He\rquote d reached his limit and had\par
nothing else to give. He\rquote d shut down, and the brief glimpses I saw weren\rquote t\par
hope\emdash they were historic glints at the man he might\rquote ve been before he\rquote d\par
been turned into...this.\par
I climbed.\par
It was a lot harder going down than going up. My eyesight danced with\par
grey, my knees wobbled, and sweat broke out on my skin, even though I\par
was freezing now the night had claimed the day.\par
I battled with him and lost.\par
Time to face my future.\par
The closer I came to the ground, the more fear swallowed me.\par
I cried out as Jethro\rquote s cold hands latched around my waist, plucking me\par
from the tree as if I were a dead flower, and spinning me to face him.\par
His beautiful face of sharp lines and five o\rquote clock shadow was shaded\par
with darkness. The hoots of owls and trills of roosting birds surrounded us.\par
\ldblquote I have a good mind to whip you.\rdblquote  His voice licked over me with frost.\par
I dropped my eyes. I had no more energy. It was depleted. Gone.\par
When I didn\rquote t retaliate, he shook me. \ldblquote What? No reply from the famous\par
Weaver who swore at my father and brotherhood and earned the right to run\par
for her freedom?\rdblquote\par
I looked up, stealing myself against his golden eyes. \ldblquote Yes and what was\par
the point?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a point to everything we do. If you\rquote ve forgotten it, then you\rquote re\par
blinded by self-pity.\rdblquote\par
A ball of fire rekindled in my belly. \ldblquote Self-pity? You think I pity\par
myself?\rdblquote\par
He shook his head. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think. I know.\rdblquote  Letting me go, he grabbed\par
the saddlebag resting against another tree and pulled out a blanket.\par
Spreading it over roots and crinkly leaves, he ordered, \ldblquote Sit, before you\par
fall.\rdblquote\par
I blinked. \ldblquote We\rquote re not\emdash we\rquote re not leaving for the Hall?\rdblquote\par
He glowered. \ldblquote We\rquote ll leave when I\rquote m damn well ready. Sit.\rdblquote\par
I sat.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
WHAT THE FUCK are you doing?\par
I couldn\rquote t answer that. I had no clue.\par
I should throw her over my shoulder and escort her back to Hawksridge.\par
Instead, I made her sit. In the middle of a forest. At dusk.\par
What the fuck?\par
Nila sat by my feet smiling sadly as Bolly, the top foxhound, nuzzled\par
into her naked side\f1\emdash his wet nose nudged against her breast as he whined\par
for attention.\par
She sighed, hugging him close, pressing a kiss into the ruff of his neck.\par
\ldblquote You outted me, you rascal.\rdblquote  Her voice wobbled, even though a tight smile\par
stayed locked on her face. \ldblquote I want to hate you for it, but I can\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
Bolly yipped, hanging his head, almost as if he understood exactly what\par
she jabbered on about.\par
I stood staring at the odd woman\emdash the woman who, even now, surprised\par
me.\par
Something twisted deep inside. Something I had no fucking intention of\par
analysing.\par
Everywhere I looked, she was scratched and bruised. New bruises on\par
top of old bruises, shallow lacerations that\rquote d scabbed over and deeper ones\par
still oozing blood. My eyes fell to her feet. They were covered in cuts with\par
a puncture on the fleshy part of her large toe.\par
I waited for a twinge of guilt\emdash for that humanness I told her I didn\rquote t\par
possess. The only emotion I got was annoyance at her hurting herself. She\rquote d\par
marred herself, and that reflected badly on me.\par
\ldblquote You would rather slice yourself to pieces while running away from me,\par
than suffer a few debts by my side?\rdblquote\par
Her head snapped up, dark eyes arresting mine. \ldblquote I would gladly hurt\par
myself to gain my freedom.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And why is that pain any different from the pain I might give you?\rdblquote\par
So much feeling existed in her gaze as she whispered, \ldblquote Because it\rquote s my\par
choice.\rdblquote  She let Bolly go, dropping her hands into her naked lap. \ldblquote It\rquote s what\par
I\rquote ve been saying all along. You\rquote ve stripped me of any rights. You\rquote ve\par
planted photographs ruining the only life I\rquote ve ever known. You\rquote ve\par
destroyed\emdash\rdblquote\par
Something cold and angry slithered in my heart. \ldblquote You talk of hurt and\par
pain\emdash as if I\rquote ve treated you so unfairly.\rdblquote  Leaning over her, I hissed, \ldblquote Tell\par
me one instance in which I\rquote ve hurt you.\rdblquote\par
She frowned, her body neither flinching nor curling away from my\par
encroachment. \ldblquote Pain comes in many appearances, Jethro. Just because you\par
haven\rquote t raised your hand to me\emdash apart from a slap in the dining room\emdash\par
doesn\rquote t mean you haven\rquote t hurt me more than anyone else before. You\par
degraded me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve been nothing but civil. I wiped it all away for you. I did what I\par
promised.\rdblquote\par
She shook her head, sadness glassing her eyes. \ldblquote You think that by\par
taking me at the end, everything that happened is forgotten?\rdblquote  She laughed;\par
it was full of brittle anger. \ldblquote You say I belong to you\emdash that I\rquote m yours\emdash\par
custom-made and born for your torment.\rdblquote  A single tear fled her gaze. \ldblquote Then\par
why didn\rquote t you stop them? Why let them have me if I\rquote m meant to be\par
yours?\rdblquote\par
I stumbled backward. \ldblquote That\rquote s what hurt you the most? The fact that I let\par
my father welcome you the way it\rquote s always been done? That I\rquote m obeying\par
tradition? You\rquote re hurt because I\rquote m following the rules\emdash the same rules\par
which you don\rquote t seem to comprehend?\rdblquote\par
My brain hurt. I\rquote d never talked so much in my life. Never argued a\par
subject or permitted myself to understand another\rquote s point of view. That\par
wasn\rquote t my world.\par
Shut her up.\par
I hated her questions and accusations. They didn\rquote t just stop at one but\par
dragged a whole caravan of inquiry and slurs behind it. She made me\par
second guess everything I knew and was.\par
I hated it. I hated her.\par
She said, \ldblquote Those rules aren\rquote t mine. I\rquote m not yours or theirs. I\rquote m telling\par
you how wrong all of this is, yet you shut down the minute I see something\par
normal inside you.\rdblquote\par
Growling under my breath, I grabbed the saddlebag and turfed the\par
supplies onto the blanket.\par
Bolly moved in front of Nila, sniffing at the items as if they were a\par
danger to the woman he\rquote d helped hunt down.\par
I was a hypocrite?\par
Look at the bloody dog.\par
Nila glanced at the packets strewn on the plaid. I shoved the damn dog\par
out of the way, reaching for her.\par
She ducked, unable to disguise her flash of terror.\par
My stomach twisted. I bared my teeth. \ldblquote What? You think I\rquote m going to\par
hurt you?\rdblquote  Breathing hard, I grabbed a blister packet and threw it at her.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not going to hurt you, even though my whip would like to strike\par
something more than just my horse after the issues you\rquote ve caused.\rdblquote\par
Her dark eyes met mine, rebellion bright. Then her eyebrow rose as she\par
glanced at what I\rquote d tossed her. \ldblquote You\emdash\rdblquote\par
I snatched the packet and popped out two high-strength painkillers.\par
Stealing her hand, I placed both into her palm. She cupped them instantly.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re hurt. I told you I\rquote m not a monster, Ms. Weaver. Would a beast\par
give you something to mute your pain? The same pain, I might add, that\par
you brought on by yourself?\rdblquote\par
Her face went white, her fingers unlocking to peer at the two white\par
tablets. Her face twisted with a mixture of disbelief and utter confusion.\par
Another dagger to my gut. There was something about her injuries and\par
vulnerabilities that were the perfect chisel to my iron-clad resolve.\par
The resolve that\rquote d saved me from myself. The lifestyle that I\rquote d been\par
taught when nothing else had worked.\par
Fuck.\par
Looking away, I tossed a water bottle at her. She caught it clumsily.\par
Unscrewing the lid, she placed the tablets on her tongue, and drained the\par
contents in three seconds flat. She wiped her mouth, eyeing up the bag by\par
my feet.\par
Silence existed for a heartbeat. Then two.\par
Her eyes met mine, granting me something I hadn\rquote t sought to gain. Her\par
gratefulness. The fight and future was forgotten\emdash her bodily needs\par
overtaking everything else. And I was the one who could give her what she\par
needed.\par
\ldblquote If you\rquote re looking for food, I have some.\rdblquote\par
She swallowed hard.\par
I forced myself to shove aside my tangled emotions, grabbing my icy\par
persona with both hands. \ldblquote I need something from you first.\rdblquote\par
She grabbed the damn dog again.\par
I hated how her arms lashed around him, seeking something else she\par
needed\emdash something I couldn\rquote t give her.\par
I whistled.\par
Bolly instantly heeled, leaving Nila rejected on the tartan blanket.\par
She rolled her shoulders, looking longingly at the dog. Slowly, the\par
strength I grew to recognise cloaked her; her eyes met mine. \ldblquote Fine. What do\par
you want?\rdblquote\par
Everything.\par
The parts of myself I kept hidden, driven so far inside I\rquote d forgotten\par
they\rquote d even existed, sparked with possession.\par
\ldblquote You owe me something.\rdblquote\par
Her gaze popped wide. \ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
I fell to my haunches, balancing myself with a fingertip placed on the\par
ground. My heart beat thickly. \ldblquote I gave you something in that dining\par
room...remember?\rdblquote\par
Her lips curled in disgust. \ldblquote You gave me to your father and your socalled brothers.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote More than that. I gave you freedom. I took their\par
memory and made it mine...\rdblquote  I devoured her with my gaze, saliva filling my\par
mouth remembering her taste.\par
Realization slammed into her. \ldblquote You can\rquote t be serious. You expect me to\par
repay the favour?\rdblquote\par
I balled my hands.\par
She shook her head. \ldblquote No way. You\rquote re insane.\rdblquote\par
Insane?\par
I couldn\rquote t do it.\par
I\rquote d done my best to be civil. I\rquote d spoken calmly, rationally. I\rquote d been\par
perfectly cordial and fought everything I was to become something I knew I\par
had to be.\par
I was the exact opposite of insane.\par
\ldblquote You really shouldn\rquote t have said that,\rdblquote  I muttered.\par
She knew what I expected. I\rquote d told her. It wasn\rquote t my fault she was\par
totally stupid. I\rquote d warned her never to question my mental state. And I\par
wouldn\rquote t permit such ridicule from a girl who didn\rquote t recognise the entire\par
world was fucking nuts.\par
Punish her.\par
I stood, towering over her. Moving forward, I grabbed the whip from\par
the top of the bag, slapping it against my palm. \ldblquote On your knees.\rdblquote\par
She scurried backward, slamming into a tree behind her. \ldblquote Jethro. Please\par
\emdash\rdblquote\par
I pinched the brow of my nose. \ldblquote You insulted my mental state again,\par
Ms. Weaver. I told you what would happen the next time you did.\rdblquote  Bending\par
over, I grabbed her shoulder. \ldblquote On your damn knees.\rdblquote  With a sharp push, I\par
shoved her from sitting to kneeling.\par
Tears streaked her dirty face. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean\emdash I\rquote m\emdash\rdblquote\par
I cocked my head.\par
If she apologised, I\rquote d stop. Just one little word. A sign that she was\par
permitting my power over her.\par
It wobbled unsaid between us. Sorry. I\rquote m sorry. Please, forgive me.\par
Her lips tasted the words, the syllables echoed silently in my ears.\par
But then she ruined it by sucking in a breath and clamping her lips\par
together. With a glare that shot heat straight into my heart, she planted her\par
hands on the blanket, and cocked her hips.\par
Fuck. Me.\par
My cock immediately sprang to attention. The perfect lines of her\par
overly skinny body. The pert breasts and hard muscles of her back and\par
thighs.\par
Shit.\par
I squeezed my eyes. What the fuck is going on with me?\par
Sure, I wanted her. Sure, I wanted to use her and come so deep inside\par
her, she\rquote d taste me for days. But lust had never made me see things like\par
this. Never made me lose the fine frost of control. Every second spent with\par
her undid all my hard work.\par
She was my pet. Her wellbeing and happiness hinged on me. Just like\par
Bolly, Wings, and all the other hounds tethered in the forest just out of ear\par
reach. I\rquote d left them there so I could sneak upon her silently.\par
I\rquote d known she was up there. I\rquote d felt her eyes boring into me.\par
But this was all a game.\par
What was the fun in reaching the destination when the chase was the\par
best part?\par
Nila looked over her shoulder, daring me with flames in her eyes. \ldblquote I\par
hate you.\rdblquote\par
Her words slammed me back to earth, her fire somehow giving me back\par
my ice. I smiled. \ldblquote You don\rquote t know the meaning of hate. Not yet.\rdblquote\par
Hair fell over her shoulder, hanging thick and enticing. \ldblquote You\rquote re wrong\par
again, Mr. Hawk. I know the meaning of it. It\rquote s becoming a favourite\par
emotion of mine. I told you before you\rquote ll never own me. And you never\par
will.\rdblquote\par
That reminds me.\par
\ldblquote I caught you. You agreed you\rquote d willingly sign that nonsense away.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What nonsense?\rdblquote\par
I fell to my knees, positioning myself behind her. Grasping her hips, I\par
dragged her against my front. My jaw locked as my erection dug into her\par
firm arse.\par
She cried out, trying to squirm away\emdash not that it did any good.\par
I hissed between my teeth at the delicious friction she caused.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re mine. You ran and failed. I\rquote ll have the papers drawn up to\par
ensure you know your place, and we can put this idiocy of you not\par
believing this is your future behind us.\rdblquote\par
She gasped as I rocked into her, pressing punishingly hard.\par
Fuck, who was I kidding? She owned me. Her laughable rage, her stupid\par
sense of fairness. Somehow, she\rquote d ensorcelled me.\par
Fuck.\par
Forcing my terrifying thoughts away, I said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve made you come. I\par
gave you a gift, which you took wholeheartedly. It\rquote s your turn to do the\par
same for me.\rdblquote\par
The whip grew slippery in my grip as I pulled back. \ldblquote You have three\par
questions, and I have a point to make. You ask, and I\rquote ll make it. We both get\par
what we want. Then, when it\rquote s all over, we\rquote ll go home and start our lives\par
together.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Until you kill me.\rdblquote\par
I sighed. Really? She was so repetitive. \ldblquote Yes, until I kill you. Now, ask\par
your first question.\rdblquote\par
She smashed her lips together, thoughts skittering over her face. Fine, if\par
she needed prompting, I would oblige.\par
The whip was firm\emdash plaited black leather and two supple ends made for\par
shocking with noise rather than pain. Wings was so obedient, he didn\rquote t need\par
it most of the time. It was fitting to use the equipment on something else\par
that needed breaking in.\par
I stroked her lower back, ignoring her whimper. \ldblquote You\rquote re green and\par
unbroken, Ms. Weaver. Don\rquote t think I won\rquote t tame you before this game is\par
through.\rdblquote\par
I struck.\par
The sound of the two leather ends snapping together ricocheted through\par
the woods.\par
She cried out, rolling her hips.\par
\ldblquote Question, Ms. Weaver. I\rquote ll keep striking until you ask.\rdblquote\par
To prove my point, I hit her again. \ldblquote That\rquote s for your smart mouth\par
undermining my control in front of my father and brothers.\rdblquote\par
Her skin pinked as I struck again. \ldblquote That\rquote s for riding my hand like I\rquote d\par
given you everything you ever dreamed of, then looking at me as if I was a\par
piece of shit.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How long? How long will you keep me alive?\rdblquote  she screamed, staying\par
my hand.\par
I paused. In all honesty, I didn\rquote t know. Her mother had been my father\rquote s\par
charge for over two years. She\rquote d known her place enough to permit a brief\par
visit to her old family to sever ties once and for all.\par
I doubted Nila would ever be so well trained, but I didn\rquote t want to rush\par
what we had. After all, once we reached the final debt, it would be over.\par
And that...didn\rquote t sit well in my gut.\par
\ldblquote It depends,\rdblquote  I murmured, stroking her burning skin.\par
I waited to see if she\rquote d ask another question, but she remained silent.\par
Pliant and listening. Her quietness soothed my nerves, and I allowed myself\par
to give her a little of what she needed.\par
You\rquote re doing that far too often.\par
I shot the voice in my head.\par
\ldblquote Years, Ms. Weaver. We have years ahead of us.\rdblquote\par
Her head sagged, lolling forward. Quietly, another question came. \ldblquote And\par
the debts? How bad are they? What do I need to prepare for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, ah, ah, I said you could have three questions in total. That was\par
three in one breath. Pick one or forfeit anymore.\rdblquote\par
Nila sighed, a small hiccup jolted her frame. \ldblquote How bad are they?\rdblquote\par
I struck her. Short and fast. The noise was worse that the bite. I knew.\par
I\rquote d been on the receiving end myself.\par
\ldblquote They start easy. Simple really.\rdblquote\par
She sucked in a breath, already knowing what I would add.\par
\ldblquote Then they get worse.\rdblquote\par
I struck her again, loving the bloom of red and the way every muscle in\par
her sinewy body twitched. Throwing the whip to the ground, I murmured,\par
\ldblquote One more. Don\rquote t be shy.\rdblquote\par
Her breath was ragged. \ldblquote Will\emdash will you ever be nice to me?\rdblquote\par
The question hung between us, so at odds to the scene of her on her\par
hands and knees and me positioned behind her. It wrapped around us with\par
sadness, digging the newly placed dagger deeper into my heart.\par
\ldblquote I am nice. Once you get to know me.\rdblquote\par
Her small laugh surprised both of us. \ldblquote You\rquote re a lot of things, but nice is\par
not one of them.\rdblquote\par
Anger boiled in my stomach. \ldblquote You pissed me off before I had the\par
opportunity to be nice. Didn\rquote t I say you deserved to be rewarded after this\par
afternoon? I have many things to lavish you with, Ms. Weaver. You only\par
have to give in. Grant me the power. Give up and stop fighting me.\rdblquote  I\par
stroked her spine, gritting my teeth against the ripple of pre-cum shooting\par
up my cock. Goddammit, she was too delicious. Too strong. Too much.\par
She\rquote s a Weaver.\par
I shook my head, dispelling everything until only silence remained.\par
\ldblquote You must know I can\rquote t do that. I\rquote ve given up power to men all my life.\par
I stupidly let my father control me, believing he knew what was best for\par
me. And you know what that got me? A one-way ticket to hell to play with\par
a devil I never knew existed.\rdblquote  She looked over her shoulder, making eye\par
contact. \ldblquote Why should I give you that courtesy? Why should I let you rule\par
the remaining shortness of my sad, little life?\rdblquote\par
For once, I was speechless.\par
Nila murmured, \ldblquote You can\rquote t reply, because you know this is wrong. On\par
some level, you know the only right thing to do is to let me go and forget\par
about this madness, but you won\rquote t. Just like I won\rquote t give you the power you\par
seek. Just like I will never stop fighting you.\rdblquote\par
She suddenly shot forward, breaking my hold on her hips.\par
My heart raced at the thought of her running again, but she turned to\par
face me, kneeling upright so we were eye-to-eye. The muscles in her\par
stomach shadowed in the rapidly gathering darkness, her white skin\par
glowing with interspersed cuts and bruises.\par
\ldblquote You said I owe you. I agree. You gave me something in that dining\par
room. As much as you think you were only helping save my mental state,\par
you showed me more than you probably wanted. I see you, Jethro Hawk. I\par
see what you\rquote re trying to hide, so don\rquote t delude yourself into thinking I buy\par
your hypocritical bullshit.\rdblquote\par
Crawling forward, her tiny hands landed on my belt, releasing the\par
button and zipper in one short second. It was my turn to blink in shock.\par
She\rquote s a seamstress, idiot.\par
She dealt with buttons and zippers every day\emdash they were her forte.\par
Dealing with what lived behind them however was entirely another.\par
I hated, positively hated, that she\rquote d stolen my power again. She\rquote d\par
drugged me with her witch potion, making me think only with my dick.\par
Fisting her hair, I growled, \ldblquote You\rquote re on thin ground, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Her temper exploded like a firework. She snarled, \ldblquote Wrong. I\rquote m on\par
Hawk ground, and I\rquote m still standing. You want me to pay you back? Fine.\par
Tell me what to do, then feed me and take me back to your vile home. I\rquote m\par
ready for this day to end.\rdblquote\par
My mind went numb as her hand disappeared into my jeans, cupping\par
me boldly.\par
\ldblquote Or better yet, take what I damn well give you.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
I HAD NO words for what I was doing.\par
Seriously, no words.\par
Part of me hated myself for being drawn to Jethro even now\f1\emdash especially\par
after he\rquote d hunted me down and punished me like some animal. But the\par
other part\emdash the bigger part\emdash loved the woman I was becoming. I didn\rquote t\par
have anyone to rely on. I had no one saying what was right or wrong. The\par
rules of everyday life had no place in this new existence, and if Jethro\par
thought I would play by his rules, he was a fucking idiot.\par
His erection leapt in my hands, hot and scalding\emdash the only part of him\par
warm.\par
His golden eyes were blank of all feeling, and for one blessed moment,\par
he stared at me with lust. Only lust.\par
Then anger saturated him, his fingers latching around my invading\par
wrist. \ldblquote What the fuck do you think you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote\par
I tugged the waistband of his boxer-briefs with my free hand, twisting\par
my other from his grip, and sliding my fingers into the dark heat of his\par
underwear. He locked his jaw as I traced the length of his cock.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m paying you back. This is what you had in mind, right? An orgasm\par
for an orgasm?\rdblquote\par
He growled low in his chest, his eyes narrowing with hate and need.\par
Don\rquote t lie to me, you bastard.\par
He opened his mouth, but no words came out. I squeezed him hard\emdash\par
hard enough to cause shooting pains in my palm.\par
He jerked in my hold. \ldblquote Jesus.\rdblquote\par
That one word switched the rage splashing my insides into lust-blazing\par
gasoline. The hardness of him sent electricity humming in my fingertips.\par
The anger brimming below the surface turned my insides into hot liquid.\par
This.\par
This power.\par
This body-consuming connection.\par
It was pure.\par
Simple.\par
Intoxicating.\par
The whipping he\rquote d given me hadn\rquote t made me wet. I\rquote d never associated\par
pain with pleasure. Sure, I\rquote d read the books and heard rumours about how\par
exciting a BDSM relationship could be with someone you trusted implicitly,\par
but that was the key difference.\par
I didn\rquote t trust Jethro.\par
At all.\par
This was a battle.\par
Every time we touched, licked, and eventually fucked, it would be war.\par
And only one victor would come out alive.\par
I have every intention of winning.\par
Sex to me didn\rquote t come with past perceptions or notions. Sex wasn\rquote t\par
wrapped up with love or sweetness in my brain. In a way, I had my father to\par
thank for keeping me secluded and untouched. I\rquote d uncovered an aptitude\par
for delivering pleasure\emdash an affinity for the basest of need.\par
I trembled, glowing so damn bright inside, I felt as if I\rquote d swallowed the\par
stars.\par
Jethro wanted me.\par
He couldn\rquote t deny it. He didn\rquote t want to deny it.\par
And I wasn\rquote t above using my body to make him feel. Make the coldhearted, untouchable bastard come apart beneath my touch.\par
Holding a man by his most precious body part and making him bow to\par
my commands.\par
That was true power.\par
This was true power.\par
Testing my theory, I jerked my hand up and down, thinking of every\par
text Kite had sent me. Every dirty innuendo he\rquote d replied.\par
I\rquote m stroking my cock.\par
I\rquote m jerking hard.\par
Stroking. Jerking. Made sense. In a way the motion would be the crude\par
action of fucking. Jethro would be forced to make love to my palm all while\par
my fingers squeezed him to death.\par
With determination strong in my heart, I stroked.\par
Jethro wobbled on his knees, his eyes snapping closed. \ldblquote Fuuuck,\rdblquote  he\par
groaned as I squeezed hard, stroked even harder. There was no build up. No\par
tease.\par
This is war.\par
Two sides. Two players. He\rquote d made me come; now it was my turn to\par
learn everything about him, so I could make him unravel.\par
Pushing his shoulder, I barely hid my victory smile as Jethro toppled\par
backward. His eyes flared wide. \ldblquote What\emdash\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t speak. Instead, I clambered closer, never stopping the mindcrippling stroke of his cock. Up and down. Twist and around.\par
His sharp gaze turned hazy, his lips parting as his breath grew heavy.\par
His hips thrust, just once. Surprise battling for supremacy over his need.\par
I didn\rquote t let him overthink it or realize I was winning. I crawled on top of\par
him, spreading my legs, straddling his large, powerful bulk.\par
My heart strummed; my blood grew thick and cloying as every stroke I\par
gave caused my inner muscles to clench. Giving him pleasure\emdash taking his\par
pleasure\emdash was the headiest aphrodisiac.\par
I was a goddess. An accomplished geisha.\par
I lost track of lust versus vengeance. I didn\rquote t care about last names or\par
futures. All I wanted, all I focused on, was the sweetly plaited emotion\par
where the rush between my legs took control.\par
My touch turned frantic, jerking rather than stroking.\par
His icy hands clamped around my hips, grinding himself hard against\par
my grip. Our eyes locked, our breathing synced, we became two animals in\par
the forest.\par
More.\par
I wanted more.\par
Yanking at his boxer-briefs, I tried to push them down. Jethro raised his\par
hips, taking my weight with him as he gave me room to wrench his jeans\par
and boxers to mid-thigh.\par
The moment his cock sprung free, thudding against his muscular\par
stomach, he lashed out, fisting my hair and dragging my mouth to his.\par
My tongue tingled to taste him\emdash to indulge in a kiss. But he held me\par
firm, millimetres away from his lips. \ldblquote You\rquote re playing a dangerous game,\rdblquote\par
he groaned as my fingers encircled the large girth of my enemy.\par
I didn\rquote t reply, my mouth watering for his so temptingly close.\par
Dropping my hand to the base of him, I cupped his balls in my palm.\par
His back bowed as I rolled the heavy, delicate flesh. \ldblquote Christ!\rdblquote\par
My tummy twisted, my heart thundered, and my nakedness couldn\rquote t\par
hide how much his need turned me on.\par
His fingers went slack in my hair and I sprawled over him, unashamedly\par
rubbing my throbbing core on his thigh. \ldblquote You called me a disappointment.\par
You said my hands were good for nothing but holding up my towel.\rdblquote  I\par
squashed my breasts against his chest, snapping at his lips with the threat of\par
a kiss. \ldblquote Do you still believe that?\rdblquote\par
I jerked my wrist, stroking the velvety flesh of his erection.\par
His eyes rolled back, his entire body vibrating.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m proving you wrong.\rdblquote  I sat up, my gaze latching onto his hot cock.\par
Smiling sweetly, I murmured, \ldblquote Isn\rquote t this what you wanted?\rdblquote\par
His eyes stole mine. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing about this that I want.\rdblquote\par
I laughed\emdash it sounded a little demented. \ldblquote Who\rquote s the liar now, Mr.\par
Hawk?\rdblquote\par
His hand snaked up to cup my throat, the other captured my hip. His\par
face darkened. \ldblquote You want the truth? I\rquote ll give you the fucking truth.\rdblquote  His\par
muscles contracted as he braced himself against my touch. \ldblquote I want you\par
begging me. I want you so damn hot\emdash you\rquote ll let me do anything to you.\rdblquote\par
His raspy voice tore away my past, throwing me headfirst into sex.\par
I squeezed harder, riding his cock with my fingers, driving blood to\par
blaze in the tip.\par
He\rquote d gotten what he wanted. By letting me touch him, he\rquote d made me\par
seduce myself. I\rquote d never craved to be filled before. But now...every inch of\par
me felt empty and greedy and needful.\par
I\rquote m fucking your mouth. I want to blow down your throat.\par
The text from Kite suddenly popped into my head as if his ghost\par
watched over me, giving me instructions on how to destroy the man\par
glowering into my eyes with a mix of rage and lust.\par
Fear wrapped around my heart as I looked at the angry erection in my\par
hand. I doubted my jaw would accommodate it, but I\rquote d try. I would try my\par
hardest and give it my all to make him come.\par
Not to please him. But to ruin him. To prove I could control him as\par
easily as he could control me.\par
I moaned as a delicious throb worked its way from my womb. I was\par
hungry for another orgasm. Instead of sucking him, I toyed with the idea of\par
impaling myself on his huge size, wanting so much to chase my own\par
pleasure.\par
My eyes couldn\rquote t look away from Jethro\rquote s parted lips. I would\rquote ve given\par
anything to kiss him. To be devoured the way my body craved.\par
You can\rquote t.\par
I shook my head, dispelling the connection. A kiss was too intimate. A\par
kiss would destroy me.\par
Squirrel nuzzled closer, wondering what the hell we were doing,\par
sniffing at the violent war taking place in the dark forest on a plaid blanket.\par
Jethro snarled, shoving him away.\par
In the same movement, he spread his legs, clenched his hands by his\par
sides, and wordlessly gave himself to me. \par
My heart leapt, blazing with sunshine and happiness, before\par
plummeting back into the tar pits my life had become.\par
\ldblquote Suck me. Fucking suck me,\rdblquote  he growled, thrusting his cock harder into\par
my hand. The command sent a ripple through my core.\par
I didn\rquote t hesitate.\par
Bowing over his body, I straddled his knees and in one swift move, slid\par
his silky, salty steel into my mouth.\par
He bucked, his entire body going rigid. \ldblquote Fuck...me.\rdblquote  His lips clamped\par
shut as his eyes rolled back.\par
I moaned, adoring the power I wielded.\par
My nipples tightened. I stopped looking at him. Closing my eyes, I\par
pictured another time, another place. I pictured my lonely existence in some\par
repetitive hotel suite sewing tulle and silk. I pictured my life as it was\emdash a\par
slave to my craft with no peaks or valleys of living.\par
Then I pictured myself naked and spread over the man who meant to\par
kill me, while my head bobbed furiously over his cock. I relished in how\par
dirty and wrong and primal it was.\par
I preferred it.\par
Every inch of me screamed for a release. Every atom thirsted for blood\par
and violence. My teeth ached to sever Jethro's body\emdash horrible images of\par
killing him in the worst pain imaginable consumed my mind. The other part\par
of me wanted to give him the most pleasurable, erotic blowjob he\rquote d ever\par
experienced, with the hope I would smash his walls, liquefy his ice, and\par
melt him into the man I knew was inside.\par
His hands fisted my hair, grunting low in his chest. He drove into me,\par
forcing himself deeper. \ldblquote Take it.\rdblquote\par
I gagged; spit ran from my lips. I struggled to maintain the furious\par
rhythm he set, but he didn\rquote t stop using me.\par
And more importantly, I didn\rquote t falter.\par
I forced him high. I forced him fast.\par
I stroked and licked and sucked and swirled until everything bellowed\par
with pain. My jaw, my neck, my shoulder, my wrist.\par
All in the name of winning.\par
Jethro\rquote s stomach tensed, his balls tightened, and the musky smell of him\par
shot up my nostrils, drenching my soul in his flavour.\par
His hands dug harder into my hair, fucking me just as surely as I fucked\par
him. Our weapons were different, but we were duelling hard and fast.\par
Jethro groaned long and low as I cupped his balls and squeezed.\par
I\rquote m winning.\par
I\rquote m coming. I came down your throat. Kite\rquote s message burned my brain;\par
I threw in every last reserve I had. My eyes swam, my brain swirled, and\par
the world tipped upside down.\par
But still I sucked, and in some far off dimension, where sanity no longer\par
existed, I tasted the first splash of cum on my tongue.\par
Jethro cried out, his body bowstring tight as his hips drove his erection\par
past my gag reflex and emptied himself inside me.\par
I had no choice but to swallow. My stomach rolled as his salty release\par
disappeared down my throat. I felt sick. I felt empowered.\par
He shivered as the last wave of his orgasm finished, a soft groan coming\par
from his parted lips.\par
Despite the abhorrent dislike I felt toward him, something luminous\par
dazzled in my heart as I sat up. I smiled, victory burning brilliant and sweet.\par
Jethro\rquote s light brown eyes met mine, wide with shock, pupils black with\par
sated pleasure. He breathed hard and fast.\par
We didn\rquote t say a word.\par
We didn\rquote t have to.\par
We both knew who\rquote d won.\par
And he was fucking pissed about it.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
FUCK.\par
Fuck her. Fuck me. Fuck everything.\par
For the first time in my life, I felt a stirring inside my frozen-over heart.\par
Not gratefulness or humaneness or tenderness.\par
No.\par
I felt...undone.\par
I should\rquote ve known then that it was the beginning of the end.\par
I should\rquote ve guessed how badly she would ruin me.\par
But all I could manage was dumbstruck desire.\par
I stared into the eyes of a worthy opponent.\par
I stared at Nila Weaver with awe.\par
Nila.\par
CLIMBING TO MY wobbly feet, I ignored Jethro and beelined straight for\par
the saddlebag. Inside, I found my running shorts, t-shirt, jumper, and\par
summer sandals.\par
The instinct to turn around and make sure I was permitted to dress came\par
sharp and strong. How had he worked his wizardry to make me secondguess my right to dress?\par
I would put a stop to that nonsense that very instant.\par
Slipping into the clothing, I winced as the shoes brushed against cuts\par
and punctures. The painkillers he\rquote d given me hadn\rquote t worked their magic\par
just yet.\par
The second I was dressed, I snagged a waxpaper-wrapped sandwich\par
from the almost empty bag.\par
Striding away a little, I inhaled the sandwich like an urchin or homeless\par
vagabond. Food. Glorious food. I\rquote d never been so grateful for something as\par
simple as a sandwich before.\par
It tasted unbelievably good. Roast chicken, crisp salad, and creamy\par
mayo on fresh white bread. I wanted another. Hell, I wanted ten.\par
\ldblquote Here.\rdblquote  Something landed by my feet. I ducked to pick it up, throwing a\par
look over my shoulder. Jethro had stood and buckled his trousers. He ran a\par
hand through his silvery hair, watching me with a livid expression.\par
I looked at the green apple in my hand then inhaled that, too. I didn\rquote t\par
care what I looked like. My body demanded I eat. I obliged as fast as\par
humanly possible.\par
But no matter what I chewed, all I could taste was Jethro.\par
The apple core was the only thing left of my piranha-speed eating. It\par
was gone too quickly and still I was starving.\par
Jethro prowled toward me.\par
My muscles moved, retreating from the anger wisping off him.\par
Don\rquote t move away. It\rquote s a weakness.\par
Stand up to him. Make him see you.\par
Tensing my muscles, I locked my knees. I\rquote d won. If I backed down\par
now, everything I had done would be for nothing.\par
Here and now\f1\emdash with no other Hawks or Weavers\emdash it was just us; us in\par
this game where the rules were unknown. The only way to win was to\par
maintain the ground I\rquote d gained.\par
If he wanted to control me with violence and softly spoken curses, fine.\par
Then I would control him with sex.\par
The one thing I knew nothing about, but seemed to have a great aptitude\par
for.\par
My lips twisted at the irony. I\rquote d gone from untouched designer to\par
depraved prisoner.\par
I only did it to prove a point\emdash to extend my life by however long\par
possible.\par
Liar. You\rquote re wet.\par
You enjoyed giving as much as you enjoyed his tongue between your\par
legs.\par
I gritted my teeth.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t say a word, just stood there seething.\par
My body itched with need; I couldn\rquote t stop thinking of his mouth on my\par
pussy or the exquisite sensation of exploding into pieces.\par
I wanted to come again. And soon.\par
Finally, he clicked his fingers. \ldblquote Come. We\rquote re leaving.\rdblquote\par
Ducking, he scooped up the blanket and bag, before stalking to me and\par
grabbing my wrist. He whistled for Squirrel to come galloping from the\par
undergrowth and dragged me through the now almost pitch-black forest.\par
At least I had shoes, so twigs were no longer a painful foe. The food I\rquote d\par
eaten sat in my stomach like a gift, spreading its energy, while the clothing\par
granted me warmth.\par
My eyes widened.\par
I\rquote m...content.\par
Somehow, amongst the stress and fears, I\rquote d found a small slither of\par
serenity. How long it would last, I didn\rquote t know, but even Jethro couldn\rquote t\par
take it from me.\par
We didn\rquote t walk far. My ears understood where we were going before my\par
eyes did. The gentle snuffles of dogs drifted between the branches, followed\par
by a soft huff of a horse.\par
Stepping into a small clearing, Jethro let me go, moving toward the\par
huge black beast.\par
He murmured to the animal while securing the saddlebag to the\par
pommel. His large hands were white flashes in the moon-starved night.\par
I stood silently as Jethro untied the foxhounds, patting them in greeting.\par
The dogs couldn\rquote t contain their wriggling behinds, excitement sparking\par
between them.\par
Squirrel joined his comrades, but he was never far from my side; his\par
intelligent eyes always on mine no matter when I looked at him.\par
Jethro grabbed the reins of his horse, bringing the animal closer. He\par
stopped in front of me. His body had shut down, face impassive. His chilly\par
fa\f0\'e7ade was back in place as if we were total strangers who happened to\par
meet in the forest on some mystical night.\par
I\rquote ve tasted you.\par
You\rquote ve tasted me.\par
We weren\rquote t strangers anymore.\par
\ldblquote Get on. I don\rquote t want you falling over.\rdblquote\par
I stepped back. \ldblquote I\rquote ve survived running through the woodland, climbing\par
trees, and bringing you to an orgasm. I think I can manage walking back to\par
Hawksridge.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t, Ms. Weaver. Just don\rquote t.\rdblquote  He ran a hand over his face, his mask\par
slipping just a little, showing the strain around his eyes.\par
My heart clenched in joy. I was happy to see him tired. I was happy to\par
see such an egotistical arsehole suffer from dealing with the girl who\par
everyone thought was weak.\par
His gaze found mine. Something passed between us. This wasn\rquote t a\par
challenge or threat. This was...softer.\par
\ldblquote Get on the horse,\rdblquote  Jethro ordered, but the unspoken word dangled\par
behind his angry sentence.\par
Please.\par
I moved forward, eyeing up the giant beast. The horse swung its head to\par
inspect me, its huge nostrils inhaling my scent.\par
Do I smell of your master?\par
Even though I\rquote d eaten a sandwich and apple, Jethro\rquote s heady flavour still\par
laced my tongue, saturating me with his essence.\par
In some horrible way, I felt as if I\rquote d consumed a part of him\f1\emdash giving\par
him power over me.\par
That\rquote s not possible. He didn\rquote t give you that willingly.\par
I\rquote d taken pleasure from him. I\rquote d forced him to give into me, even\par
though his intention all along was to make me repay.\par
I couldn\rquote t stop my small smile this time.\par
Jethro muttered, \ldblquote Smugness is not becoming on you, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
I shot back, \ldblquote No, but vulnerability is such a fetching result on you, Mr.\par
Hawk.\rdblquote\par
His eyes narrowed. In a whiplash, he grabbed my waist and hurled me\par
up over his head. \ldblquote Get on the fucking horse, before I lose my temper.\rdblquote\par
Not being given a choice, I grabbed the pommel and swung my leg over\par
the saddle. The horse was a solid mass between my legs, the polished\par
smoothness of the saddle sticking to my bare knees.\par
Jethro grabbed the reins, placed his foot in the stirrup, and swung up\par
behind me. His hard body wedged against mine.\par
There wasn\rquote t enough room for both of us, but that didn\rquote t seem to matter.\par
Digging his heels into the poor creature, we shot forward as his right arm\par
lassoed around my waist, pressing me tight against his chest.\par
The night silence became awash with dogs and thundering hooves as he\par
carted me back toward the torturous existence at Hawksridge Hall.\par
\par
Morning.\par
The sun shone through the lead light windows, highlighting the\par
embossed leather walls and maroon brocade of my four-poster bed.\par
All around me rested stuffed birds. Swans and swallows. Finches and\par
thrushes. I knew Jethro had chosen this room for me because of the\par
beautiful creatures all shot, murdered, and stuffed by fellow man. I knew\par
because he\rquote d told me.\par
He also told me I slept in the bed my mother had and her ancestors\par
before her. All carefully designed to tear away my strength and send me\par
hurtling back to the woman I\rquote d been when we first met.\par
Pity for him, I had no intention of ever being that woman again.\par
It was early. The sunshine was still new and tentatively shooing away\par
the night. I\rquote d slept\emdash deep and dreamless and awoken full of energy. A night\par
alone. A night warm and unmolested.\par
There was something to be said for finding solace in one\rquote s company.\par
Shoving back the covers, I dashed to my suitcase that rested in the\par
corner of the room. The bellhops of the Black Diamonds had been kind\par
enough to deliver my belongings, including the maxi dress and jacket Jethro\par
had confiscated from me in favour of the ridiculous maid\rquote s uniform I wore\par
to serve the brotherhood\rquote s lunch. \par
I shivered, shoving away the memory of men and tongues. \par
Falling to my knees, I searched in the jacket pocket until my fingers\par
found what I was after.\par
My phone.\par
I quickly located my charger in my suitcase and took both back to bed.\par
Plugging the charger in, I allowed the wonder of electricity to grant new life\par
to the dead machine.\par
As I waited for the phone to reboot, I smiled at the minor\par
accomplishment I\rquote d achieved last night.\par
The moment we\rquote d arrived back at Hawksridge, Jethro had marched me\par
to my room and thrown me inside.\par
Not a single word or lingering look.\par
The lock clicked into place, and he left me to shower in peace\emdash to dress\par
in a comfortable, baggy t-shirt and curl up beneath fine Egyptian cotton.\par
The time alone, coupled with the knowledge I\rquote d stolen something from\par
him in the forest, allowed me to relax for a few welcome hours.\par
Holding my phone\emdash the link to the outside world\emdash filled me with yet\par
more strength. It was the key to finding a balance in this strange existence.\par
My past wasn\rquote t gone, just hidden.\par
The moment the connection synced, the device went bonkers in my\par
hands.\par
Messages flew into my inbox. Missed calls. Emails.\par
The emails I ignored: my assistant and designers. Requests for more\par
patterns. Deposits from successful bidders on the collection from Milan.\par
None of that mattered\emdash not anymore. The freedom I felt at ignoring the\par
pressure of my career shouldn\rquote t please me so much.\par
Three messages from my father glowed on the screen.\par
My heart lurched, but I neglected them. I wasn\rquote t ready to deal with him.\par
The mixture of despair and betrayal had yet to be unbraided and\par
understood. For now, I needed some space.\par
I clicked on the latest message, sent early last night.\par
VtheMan: Nila. Fucking call me.\par
Vaughn\rquote s message reeked of desperation.\par
My heart hurt to think of him missing me. I couldn\rquote t stomach his\par
loneliness or confusion. I shouldn\rquote t have rejected him. It was unfair, and I\par
couldn\rquote t do it anymore.\par
Jethro could jump off a bridge, telling me not to contact my twin and\par
best friend. V needed me.\par
Needle&Thread: V, I\rquote m fine. I\rquote m so sorry I made you worry. I don\rquote t\par
know how much Dad has told you, but I\rquote m alive and doing everything I can\par
to come home. Please know that I love you, and I wouldn\rquote t have gone if I\par
didn\rquote t have reason to.\par
I pressed send.\par
A reason like trying to keep you alive.\par
The melancholy from thinking about my brother threatened to sink my\par
newfound hope. Quickly, I opened the messages I\rquote d been eager to read\par
since my battery died.\par
Kite : Had a pretty fantastic daydream about you, Needle. You let me\par
tie you up and spank the living daylights out of you. Tell me...does that\par
make you wet, \lquote cause it sure as fuck makes me hard.\par
The familiar tug in my core was happiness on this bleak day. So much\par
had changed but not this. Not him.\par
Careful, Nila.\par
I paused, tracing the keys with worry. Kite was the one constant in this\par
mess. The only one not involved in some way or another. He wasn\rquote t a\par
Hawk. He wasn\rquote t a Weaver. He was neutral territory where I wanted to\par
camp and never leave.\par
You think he\rquote s not a Hawk.\par
The sudden thought stopped me, sucking up my oxygen with terror.\par
What?\par
My mind skipped back to the luncheon. To the strange connection I\rquote d\par
shared with the brother whose golden eyes weren\rquote t cold or full of malice\par
but playful. My heart raced, recalling the inexplicable kinship we\rquote d shared\par
\emdash no matter how brief.\par
He looked at me as if he knew me.\par
Kestrel.\par
I dropped the phone.\par
Could it be?\par
Shaking, I picked up the device and typed a response.\par
Needle&Thread: I had a similar daydream. You spanked me in the\par
woods with a whip. You kneeled behind me and struck just enough to burn\par
but not bite. I\rquote d never been hit before, but you...you made it seem all right.\par
Send.\par
Only, it wasn\rquote t a daydream, and it was with my mortal enemy.\par
I settled back into the covers, breathing shallowly. I flip-flopped with\par
fear, hope, and anger. If Kite was Kestrel, what did that mean? Why had he\par
been so cruel to me yet considerate in the dining room? Why had he\par
messaged me a month ago?\par
The text.\par
It was never a wrong number.\par
My hands fisted around my phone. Could I have been manipulated?\par
Angry tears shot up my spine. All my life, everyone I\rquote d ever known had\par
manipulated me behind the scenes, moving me around at their whim,\par
tugging my skirts until I stood in the right place, while I smiled stupidly and\par
so damn na\f0\'efve.\par
I wanted to scream.\par
You\rquote re making something out of nothing.\par
It could very well be a wrong number and nothing sinister at all.\par
My anger was too hot\f1\emdash I couldn\rquote t reason with myself.\par
Kite : Fuck, that sounds hot. Did you come?\par
I stared at the message with fire burning in my soul. I wanted to\par
confront him. I needed to know the truth.\par
Needle&Thread: Did you come after you licked me yesterday? Did you\par
jerk off to the thought of me being tormented by your family, you sick\par
bastard?\par
My finger hovered on the send key, my breathing harsh in the silent\par
room.\par
If I asked and I was right\emdash what then? Where did that leave me? Was it\par
better to play them at their own rules? Hide my tentative conclusion and\par
finally learn how to play this secretive, devious game?\par
I deleted the message.\par
Needle&Thread: No, but I made you come. You shot your release so\par
deep down my throat, I can still taste you.\par
I grinned, feeling a little psychotic.\par
If Kite was an innocent party in all of this, then he could continue to be\par
my escape. Meanwhile, Jethro would give me answers that I hadn\rquote t had\par
before. Such as granting me knowledge to Kite\rquote s previous question. What\par
do I taste like?\par
If he tasted anything like Jethro, it was an overpowering mix of no taste\par
at all and too much taste all at once. An oyster mixed with caviar infused\par
with the strongest shot of vodka. Not entirely pleasant, but not disgusting\par
either.\par
I had experience now. Experience garnered by blowing a man who may\par
or may not be related to my tormentor.\par
You might have it totally wrong. You\rquote re jumping to conclusions.\par
I paused, fingers stroking the screen. It was entirely possible I was\par
clutching at straws, looking for connections to make sense of this\par
catastrophe. But I couldn\rquote t ignore the tug inside\emdash the sixth sense burning\par
stronger with every second.\par
My lips twisted at how disgusting all of this was. How the unsaid lies\par
made me endlessly suspicious.\par
Kite : Fuck, do you hear yourself? Something\rquote s changed. Again. I\par
can\rquote t believe I\rquote m asking this, but spill. I need to know how you\rquote ve gone from\par
shy little nun to confident tease.\par
He wanted to know. As if he didn\rquote t know. As if the entire Hawk family\par
weren\rquote t laughing behind my back.\par
You don\rquote t know it\rquote s him!\par
I knew I should calm down, seek out clues, and formulate the truth\par
before tearing into the most-likely innocent Kite. But after being through a\par
transformation from meek to fierce, I couldn\rquote t bottle myself up. I refused to\par
corset my emotions any longer.\par
I would take back control message by message.\par
Needle&Thread: You want to know? You want to hear personal details\par
of my life? What happened to you, Kite? Someone drop you on your head?\par
Kite : Careful. I\rquote m one push away from deletion and walking away\par
from this. You\rquote re the one who begged me to stay in contact. Remember?\par
Needle&Thread: You have a short temper.\par
Kind of like someone else I know.\par
Kite : Want me to stay a fucking arsehole? Got it. Don\rquote t ever say I\par
never tried to help you.\par
My heart lurched.\par
If he was Kestrel, then he might be my only ally. I couldn\rquote t afford to\par
piss him off\emdash not while I lived in a nest of reptiles. If I could befriend him\par
\emdash make him care\emdash he might be my ticket to freedom.\par
What better way for a Weaver to escape than for a Hawk to open her\par
cage?\par
Back in the dining room, Kes had been the only one who\rquote d looked at me\par
with...compassion. He\rquote d seen my struggle, and even though he\rquote d treated me\par
the same as all the rest, he\rquote d been chivalrous in a strange, fucked-up way.\par
Unlike his brother, who\rquote d made me come\emdash who\rquote d stripped me of my rights\par
and privacy and given me a gift I\rquote d never been given before.\par
Bloody Jethro.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m sorry. I\rquote ve been through a rather big change in the\par
past few days. My temper is a little short.\par
Kite : I\rquote ve noticed. So...you going to tell me how you found a pair of\par
balls?\par
Needle&Thread: No, I don\rquote t think so. You wanted no personal\par
details...remember?\par
I sat biting my lip, my fingers poised to cast my first web. How could I\par
phrase a question to make him give away his identity: do you live in the\par
country? Do you ride motorbikes? Did you happen to taste a woman\par
yesterday along with twenty of your gang brothers?\par
Kite : Shoot me down, then. See if I care. Enough talking. Let\rquote s get\par
back to a subject we both enjoy. Touch yourself. Tell me how wet you are at\par
the thought of me spanking you. Because you deserve a spanking. A fucking\par
hard one.\par
Needle&Thread: I don\rquote t believe I\rquote ve been anything but good. I don\rquote t\par
deserve anything of the sort, seeing as you whipped me last night.\par
Kite : What\rquote s with the whip fantasy? Why not my hand? I want to feel\par
your skin burn while I punish you. I want equal pain in my palm as you\par
scream and beg for my cock.\par
I stopped.\par
My heart switched from burning to frozen. What sort of response was\par
that? Equal pain? Shared pain? Was that what pleasure-pain was all about?\par
Equal measure of obedience and trust?\par
Kite : You\rquote ve gone quiet. Fine. You want a whip. I\rquote m hitting you with\par
a whip.\par
Needle&Thread: No. Actually...I would prefer your hand. I want to feel\par
you touch me. I want to be stroked, caressed by you, all while you do\par
whatever you want to me.\par
I swallowed the tiny thrill at the thought of Kes spanking me and\par
quickly sent another message before he could reply.\par
Needle&Thread: Where are we while you hit me? Bedroom? Forest?\par
Countryside? Across your motorcycle?\par
His response was instant.\par
Kite : How the fuck do you know I have a motorcycle?\par
I threw my phone away as if it had electrocuted me.\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
Oh, God. It had to be. The strange connection. The glint and secretive\par
smirk on Kestrel\rquote s face. Even the two words were similar. They\rquote re both\par
birds of prey.\par
I\rquote m so stupid!\par
All this time, I thought Kite stood for the winged paper craft decorated\par
with bows and string, when in reality it was another bird of prey.\par
Don\rquote t believe it until you can prove it!\par
My internal dialogue went unheard. \par
I couldn\rquote t shake the overwhelming knowing.\par
My world ended again, and the one person who I trusted to be impartial\par
and grant me strength to get through this was the vilest liar of them all.\par
Kite was Kestrel.\par
Kestrel was Kite.\par
He\rquote s a Hawk.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
I DIDN\rquote T GO to Nila for two days.\par
Two long fucking days.\par
She\rquote d successfully done what I\rquote d sworn never to let happen again.\par
She\rquote d made me lose control. Bad things happened when I lost my ice.\par
People got hurt. Possessions got broken.\par
Things did not go to plan when I stepped from the comfort of my arctic\par
shell.\par
There was a reason people called me distinguished and shrewd\f1\emdash a\par
carefully groomed perception. To be cruel but firm was the ultimate\par
calmness\emdash the persona that smoothed out my violent life.\par
I\rquote d lived in the cold for so long, it\rquote d become a part of who I was, yet all\par
it\rquote d taken was a silly little girl to burn cracks in my carefully designed\par
control.\par
Those two days were a reprieve. Not for me, but for her. For my family.\par
For every goddamn soul who had to live with me.\par
She thought I was a monster? Ice wasn\rquote t a monster\emdash it was unyielding\par
and inviolable\emdash a perfect cage for something like me.\par
She thought she understood me?\par
I laughed.\par
She would never understand. I would never permit her to.\par
I made sure food was sent to her morning, noon, and night. I spied on\par
her with the bedroom cameras to make sure she didn\rquote t do anything idiotic\par
like break through a window or try to slit her wrists with a piece of\par
crockery.\par
Two days I left her in the room of death, only to see the girl I\rquote d taken\par
evolve into a sexual creature who glowed like a beacon.\par
She spent most of the day on her phone\emdash texting, reading, surfing God\par
knows what. Sometimes, her face would fall. Sometimes, her lips would tilt\par
into a smile. Sometimes, she\rquote d pant, her small chest rising and falling. The\par
flush of sex on her skin drove me fucking insane with jealousy.\par
Jealousy.\par
An emotion not permitted in my snowy world.\par
The second day I abandoned her, I went for a hunt. I let loose the\par
hounds and thundered after a herd of deer. I stalked the poor creatures, and\par
shot a quivering arrow through some feeble herbivore\rquote s heart. Some things\par
still functioned correctly in my world, even if most of it had been bulldozed\par
into ruins.\par
The cracks that\rquote d formed froze over.\par
Rationality and tranquillity returned.\par
That night, my father and brothers had a family dinner\emdash just the four of\par
us. The deer I\rquote d shot graced a stew, roulade, and roast.\par
Dinner talk was sparse, but an undercurrent of anger hummed between\par
us. Daniel smirked with his insane arrogance. Kes smiled occasionally for\par
no good goddamn reason, and my father...\par
Shit, my father.\par
I was a fucking twenty-nine-year old man. I had blood beneath my nails\par
and ice around my heart, but still I wasn\rquote t good enough. Still, I lacked. I had\par
something inside me that he\rquote d tried to kill, but despite his best efforts, it\par
survived.\par
I\rquote d learned how to hide it.\par
But Nila...fuck.\par
She had the power to expose it.\par
I wanted to rage. To step into the truth and show my father who I truly\par
was.\par
But I wouldn\rquote t. Not yet. That would be weak.\par
And I wasn\rquote t fucking weak.\par
I was one year away from inheriting it all. I had my own Weaver to play\par
with. The power shift had begun\emdash all the brothers of the Black Diamond\par
knew it. My relatives knew it. The world fucking knew it, but my father...he\par
wasn\rquote t happy with the change.\par
His gaze ensnared me; I glowered back.\par
The animosity between us was rife tonight, unable to be buried beneath\par
the rotting veneer of respect and mutual alliance to never challenge each\par
other again.\par
The last time we did, one of us walked away broken and the other\par
almost didn\rquote t walk away at all.\par
Dessert was brought in, some raspberry souffl\f0\'e9 affair. The matriarch of\par
our family finally decided to show her face from her private wing at\par
Hawksridge.\par
Bonnie Hawk might\rquote ve looked bonny in her day, but she was well past\par
her prime. At ninety-one, she moved painfully and with difficulty\f1\emdash the\par
stubborn cow refusing to use a wheelchair or even a cane to get around.\par
\ldblquote Hello, my son.\rdblquote  She nodded at Bryan Hawk then looked to Kes, Dan,\par
and me. \ldblquote Hello, my grandbabies.\rdblquote\par
Daniel rolled his eyes, Kes shot up to help her into a chair, and I smiled\par
the signature \lquote warm-but-not-too-warm\rquote  smile I\rquote d perfected since I was ten.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Grandmamma,\rdblquote  the three well-trained Hawk boys said in unison.\par
Bonnie sat, snapping her fingers for the unobtrusive staff to ladle her\par
plate with the raspberry sweet. She placed an over-piled spoon into her\par
mouth.\par
Her brown eyes landed on mine. \ldblquote Tell me, Jet. How are things going\par
with the latest Weaver?\rdblquote\par
My back straightened as my cock twitched unbidden. That damn witch\par
had ruined me. I only had to hear the word Weaver and I became fucking\par
hard.\par
That\rquote s why you\rquote re avoiding her.\par
Another reason, I admitted.\par
I scowled.\par
Swallowing my one and only mouthful of souffl\f0\'e9, I smiled tightly.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s a work in progress, Grandmamma.\rdblquote\par
My father jumped in. \ldblquote The little brat had the audacity to speak back\par
after her welcome luncheon. The cheek of her. If she was mine to\par
discipline, she would be missing a body part by now.\rdblquote\par
He spoke the truth. I\rquote d seen what he\rquote d done to Nila\rquote s mother, and I\par
fucking hated him for it.\par
The venison in my stomach rolled as a wash of ferocious rage exploded\par
through my blood. I stabbed my butter knife into the table. \ldblquote Thank fuck\par
she\rquote s not yours to torment, then. It so happens I like my women whole.\rdblquote\par
The moment the words were out of my mouth, I froze.\par
The table froze.\par
The fucking candles flickering on the sideboards froze.\par
Shit.\par
Bryan Hawk steepled his fingers, his eyes narrowed and dark. \ldblquote That\par
was a rather uncalled for outburst. Do you want to rephrase that, perhaps?\rdblquote\par
He never looked away.\par
My palms grew slick with sweat. I hadn\rquote t meant to show what I\rquote d kept\par
hidden successfully for years. My true nature was not tolerated in the Hawk\par
family\f1\emdash even by my grandmother, who by all rights should encourage us to\par
be gentle and forgiving\emdash not keeping alive a ridiculous debt over a family\par
that made a few mistakes hundreds of years ago.\par
Fuck, I need time alone.\par
I needed to get myself under control, before I dug a grave worse than\par
the one I just did.\par
When my jaw refused to unlock, my father muttered, \ldblquote Maybe I\rquote ve put\par
too much responsibility on you, Jet. Are you taxed already? Maybe I\par
overestimated you, and Kes or Daniel should share your workload?\rdblquote\par
Something slithered across my soul.\par
Daniel snickered. \ldblquote Give her to me, Pop. I\rquote ll make sure I don\rquote t let you\par
down.\rdblquote  His eyes danced with evil. \ldblquote Unlike some.\rdblquote\par
We glowered at each other; he tried to intimidate me but didn\rquote t succeed.\par
He never succeeded. Fucking twat.\par
Tension crackled around the table. Kestrel stopped shovelling food into\par
his mouth long enough to say, \ldblquote You know Jet is the best man for the job.\par
I\rquote ve never seen him fail you yet, Pop. Give the bloke a chance.\rdblquote  Giving me\par
a conspiring look, he added, \ldblquote She\rquote s highly strung and goddamn beautiful.\par
Can\rquote t blame a man for wanting to enjoy the chance to break such a filly.\rdblquote\par
Goddammit, what the hell does that mean?\par
My temper raged beneath my thin exterior of ice. Lately, I was a fraud.\par
A hypocrite, just like Nila said. The coldness inside was mysteriously\par
missing. The blissful uncaring, the emotional detachment I\rquote d been forced to\par
live with since my father taught me how to behave was gone\emdash almost as if\par
someone had flicked a switch.\par
Before, I felt nothing. I permitted my senses to neither care, nor feel\par
hate, nor feel happiness. I was blank, blessedly blank and strong. Now, I felt\par
everything. I overthought everything. I wanted to murder every man I lived\par
with purely because I wasn\rquote t what they\rquote d groomed me to be.\par
I fucking hated it.\par
And I hated that Kestrel\emdash my one ally who knew the truth about me\emdash\par
was pushing my damn buttons. \ldblquote If you think a speech like that will get you\par
near her, think again. Good try, brother, but I\rquote m watching you.\rdblquote\par
Kes grinned. \ldblquote We\rquote ll see. After all, she\rquote s ours. Not just yours. Our\par
adoptive pet, if you will. Can\rquote t help it if the pet prefers someone else than\par
the original owner.\rdblquote\par
My hand clenched around the butter knife.\par
\ldblquote Enough,\rdblquote  my father snapped. It echoed around the room, bouncing off\par
the images of our forefathers.\par
\ldblquote I expect you to do the First Debt before the week is out, Jet,\rdblquote  my\par
grandmother said, her lips covered in clotted cream.\par
I swallowed in disgust. \ldblquote Yes, Grandmamma.\rdblquote\par
Cut, my father, muttered, \ldblquote Do what you think you need to do, Jethro.\par
But mark my words...I\rquote m judging your every move.\rdblquote\par
Judge me, you bastard. Watch me behave just as you\rquote ve taught. Watch\par
me be the perfect Hawk.\par
I would make sure to give him something to judge.\par
Tonight, I would \lquote fix\rquote  myself. Tonight, I would smooth away the chaos\par
that Nila fucking Weaver had caused and find that saviour of snow.\par
Cut continued to watch me as he spooned dessert into his mouth. \ldblquote Make\par
me proud, son. You know what you need to show her and what needs to be\par
done afterward.\rdblquote\par
Forcing my hand to uncurl around the knife, I placed it slowly on the\par
table. Swallowing the overwhelming emotions that had no place in my\par
world, I muttered, \ldblquote I\rquote ll make you proud, father.\rdblquote\par
Cut relaxed into his chair.\par
Instantly, a wash of relief fell over me. It had always been the same. I\par
lived with a family of devils. I was one year away from being emperor to\par
them all, yet I still craved my elders\rquote  respect.\par
The kid inside never fully got over the need to impress\emdash even though\par
deep down he knew it was an impossibility.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll be watching, Jethro. You don\rquote t want to disappoint your family.\rdblquote\par
My eyes snapped to Bonnie Hawk as she licked residual cream from her\par
fingertip. Tilting her head, she quirked her lips into a secretive smile.\par
My muscles locked. Being the head of the family, she continued to hold\par
the last say\emdash the last piece of power over anything we did. She knew more\par
about me than even my father. I might crave my father\rquote s respect, but I\par
would never get over knowing I would never earn Bonnie\rquote s.\par
She would die and never grant me absolution of being satisfied with\par
what I\rquote d done.\par
I was the firstborn son.\par
I\rquote d bowed to conformity and rules all my fucking life.\par
Yet, it was never enough.\par
Nodding stiffly, I muttered, \ldblquote I won\rquote t let you down, Grandmamma. I\par
won\rquote t let anyone down.\rdblquote\par
I\rquote ll make you see that your frailty only increases my power. I\rquote ll make\par
you see that fire is better than ice, and I\rquote ll fucking show you how youth\par
comes before wisdom.\par
I\rquote ll make you see.\par
Just you watch.\par
\par
That night, I retreated to my wing at Hawksridge Hall.\par
I turned off the lights.\par
I sat in the dark and welcomed the shadows to claim me.\par
Before me rested my arsenal to \lquote fix\rquote  the things wrong inside me.\par
And just like my father had taught me\emdash just like I\rquote d done countless of\par
times before\emdash I found the frost deep inside and permitted it to chill me,\par
calm me...\par
...\par
make me impenetrable.\f0\par
Nila.\par
I KNEW IT was too good to be true.\par
The last three nights and two days of being Jethro-free screeched to a\par
bitter end when he came for me at daybreak.\par
I wasn\rquote t asleep but mid-text with Vaughn.\par
The early morning sun had a horrible habit of highlighting the stuffed\par
birds around the room, sparkling on death and reminding me that my future\par
only held carnage\f1\emdash no matter how alive I felt. No matter how strong I\rquote d\par
become from taking power from Jethro, in the end, it would all finish the\par
same way.\par
With my head in a bloody basket.\par
I should\rquote ve been petrified\emdash wallowing in misery at the thought of how a\par
successful career and life in the limelight had suddenly become so limited\par
with options. But...strangely...I wasn\rquote t.\par
If anything, I was more focused now than I\rquote d ever been. More aware of\par
consequences of choice and the brutality of the world that\rquote d been hidden\par
from me. I\rquote d been raised to believe in fairy tales\emdash my father deliberately\par
kept me young. Why? I hadn\rquote t figured that out yet, but now my eyes were\par
open, and it was...refreshing to know the world wasn\rquote t pristine and taintless.\par
All my life, I\rquote d pretended to be perfect. And all my life, I\rquote d nursed the\par
truth inside that I was far from it. The Hawks were crazy\emdash there was no\par
other explanation for their fixation on something so far in the past\emdash but\par
they were passionate about it.\par
Passion had trickled from my world as if every dress and collection had\par
been vampiric\emdash sucking my will to keep striving for greatness in my\par
designs.\par
If you felt this strongly about it, maybe you should\rquote ve gone on holiday.\par
Had a break from being a Weaver.\par
But that was the thing. I would never have admitted it to myself,\par
because I would never have recognised it. My vertigo spells, my lacklustre\par
acquiescence of my father\rquote s wishes\emdash I couldn\rquote t see how lost I was from my\par
true self. I\rquote d never been given the time to figure out who I was\emdash only what\par
was expected of a daughter born into the Weaver empire.\par
The beauty of distance meant I saw my life without being immersed in\par
it. It all boiled down to the fact I\rquote d never had anything of my own. I\rquote d\par
shared my life with a twin, who I positively adored, but who outshone me\par
in every way. I\rquote d been drowning with self-doubt and nervousness. I\rquote d\par
crippled my instincts and skills, terrified of letting others down.\par
Oh, my God.\par
I clutched the phone harder.\par
I\rquote m a better person away from the people who love me most.\par
That meant I excelled while living with people who hated me.\par
It was fucked up.\par
It didn\rquote t make sense.\par
But how could I argue against something that was true?\par
VtheMan: I know everything, Threads, and I\rquote m coming for you. I\rquote ll\par
bring the army. I\rquote ll kidnap the fucking Queen if it means I\rquote ll get you free.\par
Just stay alive, sister. I\rquote m coming.\par
My attention reverted back to the current issue.\par
Vaughn.\par
Father must\rquote ve told him what happened. I didn\rquote t know how much he\par
shared\emdash hell, I didn\rquote t really know how much he even knew himself\emdash but I\par
feared for my brother. I feared for myself.\par
Vaughn was volatile and likely to do anything to get me back. Every\par
day since I was born, I let him baby me, protect me from life experiences I\par
really should\rquote ve faced rather than hide from. That protectiveness sometimes\par
came across as too much, and before, I secretly loved it. I loved being so\par
significant to someone\emdash their entire reason for living.\par
But everything had changed.\par
I\rquote m not the same person I was a few days ago.\par
If I was bluntly honest, our relationship seemed a little much now.\par
Blurring lines that had kept me firmly in my place as daughter and sister\par
with no need to spread my wings and hurl myself from the nest.\par
\ldblquote Get up.\rdblquote  Jethro paced to the huge windows, wrenching open a sash\par
pane letting the pretty English morning into the stuffy room. I breathed\par
deeply as sunshine bounced around, merrily painting corpses of winged\par
creatures.\par
Yesterday, I\rquote d named some of the prettier ones. Snowdrop, Iceberg, and\par
Glacier were all addressed in honour of their tormentor and mine.\par
I needed to reply to Vaughn, but I tucked the phone beneath the quilt,\par
eyeing up my nemesis. \ldblquote Nice to see you, too.\rdblquote\par
His nostrils flared. \ldblquote Don\rquote t get uppity, Ms. Weaver. I don\rquote t have time for\par
nonsense.\rdblquote\par
I stretched, deliberately taunting him. \ldblquote Nonsense? You can\rquote t talk. All of\par
this Weaver and Hawk charade is utter nonsense.\rdblquote\par
Jethro stomped over. Dressed in beige corduroys and black shirt, he\par
looked as if he had a meeting with his local backgammon club. The\par
requisite diamond pin glinted on his lapel. \ldblquote Shut up and get out of bed.\par
Now.\rdblquote\par
My heart thundered. His golden eyes were icy and steadfast.\par
The intensity and raw visceral desire I\rquote d seen in the forest was gone.\par
Hope fizzled into dirty bubbles in my chest. I\rquote d thought we\rquote d climbed to a\par
new dimension with what happened in the woods. I thought I\rquote d showed him\par
that he couldn\rquote t undermine me without undermining himself.\par
How wrong I\rquote d been.\par
Squinting in the sun, I whispered, \ldblquote What did you do?\rdblquote\par
He reared back as if I\rquote d slapped him. \ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
Shuffling in the covers, I eyed him closer, trying to figure out what had\par
changed. Nothing outward looked different. He was the perfect resemblance\par
of a country gentleman. But his tone was smooth as silk and just as\par
unbreakable.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve done something. A few nights ago you looked human...now...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now?\rdblquote\par
I scowled. \ldblquote Now you just look like the cold-hearted robot who came for\par
me at my runway show.\rdblquote\par
Before he could answer, another vital question popped into my head.\par
\ldblquote Why now?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  His face twisted into a glower. \ldblquote That doesn\rquote t even make sense.\par
Your questions are really starting to grate on my nerves, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Running a hand through his hair, he said quietly, \ldblquote If you rephrase that into a\par
coherent sentence, I might answer, if it means you\rquote ll kindly get out of bed.\rdblquote\par
There he went all pomp and ceremony again. No curses. No snapping.\par
No spikes of emotion of any kind.\par
He stayed away to distance himself, regroup.\par
I had affected him. So much so, he\rquote d needed three nights to deal with it.\par
A hot douse of power shot through my veins.\par
\ldblquote Why did you leave me on my own for days?\rdblquote  I held up a hand. \ldblquote Don\rquote t\par
get me wrong, I\rquote m not complaining. The wait-staff did an impeccable job of\par
keeping me fed, and the downtime was rather welcome after the manic few\par
years I\rquote ve had travelling and working non-stop, but it is a little odd.\rdblquote\par
He sedately placed his hands into his corduroy pockets. His eyes were\par
completely unreadable\emdash it was like trying to decipher a damn vault.\par
\ldblquote Please, tell me what you find so odd. Then perhaps I can help you.\rdblquote\par
If I hadn\rquote t seen the passionate man in the forest\emdash if I hadn\rquote t wrapped\par
my lips around his throbbing cock and swallowed his cum\emdash I might\rquote ve\par
shrunk back in reprimand. I might\rquote ve feared the silence more than his\par
temper, because it heralded something terrible coming.\par
But now...now I saw it for what it was.\par
It\rquote s a coping mechanism.\par
We all had them. Mine was permitting my father and brother complete\par
control over me. My only freedom from that was running until I passed out\par
on my treadmill.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t run, but he did use something extremely effective to push\par
aside the tangled emotions I knew he felt and embraced the glacier he\par
pretended to be.\par
\ldblquote Never mind,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote I understand.\rdblquote\par
Beneath the power in my veins, a small cloud of depression settled. I\rquote d\par
worked hard breaking his arctic exterior. I\rquote d thrown my all into showing\par
him pleasure that he could find by giving in to me. The fact he\rquote d been so\par
affected that he\rquote d had to shut down and hide should\rquote ve pleased me.\par
But really, it reset everything. I was back at the starting line.\par
For a second, I slouched in defeat. Did I have the energy to go through\par
the arguing and battle of wills again?\par
Tilting my head, I stared at him. He clenched his jaw, not giving\par
anything away.\par
My spine straightened as resolution fortified my defeat. So be it. I\par
would do it all over again. And again. And again. Until he realized he\par
couldn\rquote t win. Not against me.\par
I was strong enough to break him ten times, a hundred times. I was\par
strong enough to kill him and his twisted family before he dispatched me. I\par
meant to keep my vow that I was the last Weaver they would ever hurt.\par
Jethro crossed his arms. \ldblquote Considering you no longer have any more\par
frustrating questions, I presume you\rquote ll oblige and get up, like I ordered.\rdblquote\par
Without a word, I shoved back the covers and climbed from the warm\par
sheets. \ldblquote Where are we going?\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s eyes fell on my naked legs. I\rquote d worn black and pink shorts with\par
a matching camisole to bed.\par
\ldblquote Did I say you could ask questions?\rdblquote  Moving smoothly, he stepped\par
away. Roaming sleek and sharp around the room, he gathered mismatched\par
clothes that were draped on chairs and a sixteenth-century dressing table\par
then came back toward me. Dumping them at the end of the bed, he said,\par
\ldblquote Get dressed. I\rquote m going to count to ten. If you aren\rquote t decent, I don\rquote t care.\par
I\rquote m dragging you out of here naked or clothed\emdash it\rquote s entirely your choice.\rdblquote\par
I wrinkled my nose at the attire. I had more of an understanding about\par
my enemy, but I still feared him. I didn\rquote t want to go anywhere. I didn\rquote t want\par
to be commanded or dragged\emdash\par
\ldblquote One.\rdblquote  His eyes glittered.\par
He couldn\rquote t be serious.\par
\ldblquote Two...\rdblquote\par
Quickly, I reached for a peach t-shirt with Victorian lace on the collar\par
and denim shorts.\par
\ldblquote Three.\rdblquote\par
Shit, how could I get dressed with him standing there? I couldn\rquote t strip\par
so blatantly.\par
He\rquote s seen you naked. You ran through a forest with nothing on. He\rquote s\par
tasted you, for God\rquote s sake. Seriously, why are you suddenly precious about\par
it?\par
\ldblquote Four.\rdblquote\par
Biting my lip, welcoming my rational common sense, I hastily tore off\par
the camisole and let it flutter through the air.\par
Jethro sucked in a breath at my exposed breasts. \ldblquote Five.\rdblquote\par
Tugging the t-shirt over my head, I dropped my hands to my hips.\par
\ldblquote Six.\rdblquote\par
Locking eyes with him, I shimmied out of the shorts, letting them\par
puddle around my ankles. I had no underwear on.\par
I searched for the lust that\rquote d burned in his gaze a few nights ago. I\par
sought to witness just a hint of the Jethro who\rquote d wrapped his fingers in my\par
hair and driven his cock down my throat.\par
He merely cocked an eyebrow at my naked pussy and continued to\par
count. \ldblquote Seven.\rdblquote\par
Anger siphoned through my heart. Stepping into the shorts, I snatched\par
them up and fastened the zipper.\par
\ldblquote Eight.\rdblquote\par
Remembering Jethro\rquote s tendency to use my long hair as handle bars and\par
worse, as a leash, I quickly smoothed the black thickness into a messy\par
ponytail and secured it with a hair tie from my wrist.\par
\ldblquote Nine.\rdblquote\par
The diamond collar sat around my neck\emdash ridiculously expensive\par
considering my understated outfit, making my breathing a little irregular.\par
Slipping my feet into a pair of sparkly flip-flops on the floor, I was done.\par
I smirked. \ldblquote Finished, oh impatient master.\rdblquote\par
Jethro stiffened. \ldblquote Record speed, Ms. Weaver. I\rquote m impressed.\rdblquote  He held\par
out his hand. \ldblquote Give me your phone.\rdblquote\par
I blanched. \ldblquote What? No!\rdblquote\par
He leaned closer, his temper shimmering just beneath the surface of his\par
cool exterior. \ldblquote Yes. I won\rquote t ask again.\rdblquote\par
For a second, I wondered if I could hit him over the head and run. So\par
many scenarios of running had entertained me these past few days. I\rquote d tried\par
to pry the diamond collar off. I\rquote d tried to open the window. I\rquote d tried to pick\par
the lock on the door.\par
But nothing worked. Aside from death, I wasn\rquote t getting out of there.\par
I\rquote m coming, Threads.\par
My heart seized at the thought of Vaughn charging in here trying to save\par
me, only to be slaughtered by the men holding me captive. I couldn\rquote t let\par
that happen.\par
Gritting my teeth, I turned and plucked my phone from the tangled\par
sheets. Reluctantly, I passed it to his awaiting palm.\par
His fingers curled around the delicate device. \ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t tear my eyes from it. My only link to the outside world. My\par
only avenue of freedom. I didn\rquote t realize until that moment how much I\par
valued it and how stir-crazy I would go if deprived of the simple things,\par
such as texting Kite.\par
Admit it, you\rquote re screwing yourself up over him.\par
The past few days Kite had been...different. The messages from the\par
night before last came back to mind.\par
Kite : Have you ever noticed how things you\rquote ve always been told\par
were wrong are the only things that feel right?\par
Needle&Thread: That\rquote s rather deep coming from the man who only\par
wants to sext and avoid personal subjects.\par
Kite : If I said I wanted one night of blatant honesty, no douchebaggery, no bullshit of any kind, what would you say?\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote d say you\rquote d completely lost it and wonder if someone\par
with a heart had stolen your phone.\par
Silence.\par
I\rquote d been justified in not letting my guard down. After all, I\rquote d tried many\par
times to get him to be a little kinder, more human toward me, but he\rquote d\par
always shot me down. But as ten minutes turned into twenty and still no\par
reply, I\rquote d felt guilty for hurting someone who obviously needed to talk.\par
Why didn\rquote t he talk to others who knew him? Find solace in friends who\par
would understand? My earlier conviction of him being Kestrel had faded a\par
little after the initial panic attack. Since his vicious remark, asking how I\par
knew about his owning a motorcycle, we\rquote d both skirted the issue as if we\par
were both afraid to pick at that particular wound.\par
It was best to let it scab over and not spew forth poison that wouldn\rquote t be\par
able to heal.\par
This blindness\emdash this naivety about our true agendas and names\emdash was\par
strangely hypnotic, and I didn\rquote t want it to change. I didn\rquote t want to let him\par
go yet, and I would have to if I knew the truth.\par
Needle&Thread: Kite, I\rquote m sorry. No bullshit. No games. One night only\par
to be ourselves and let the stark, painful truth come out. I\rquote m here to listen if\par
you want. If you\rquote ve had second thoughts that\rquote s fine, too. Either way, I hope\par
you have a great night.\par
It\rquote d taken a while, but finally he\rquote d texted back.\par
Kite : Sometimes, it seems as if those who have nothing in life have\par
everything, and those who have everything have nothing. Sometimes, I want\par
to be the one who has nothing, so I can appreciate all the things I think I\rquote d\par
miss. But the scary thing is, I don\rquote t think I\rquote d miss a single fucking thing.\par
My heart fluttered. It was as if he\rquote d pulled my fears straight from the\par
darkness inside me.\par
Needle&Thread: I understand completely. I love my family. I love their\par
faults as well as their perfections, but I can\rquote t help being angry, too. By\par
keeping me safe and sheltered, they made me become someone who was a\par
lie. I now have the hardship of figuring out the truth.\par
Kite : The truth of who you truly are?\par
Needle&Thread: Exactly.\par
Kite : We\rquote re all a product of obligation. A carbon copy of what is\par
permitted in the world we\rquote re born into. None of us are free\emdash all raised with\par
expectations to fulfil. And it fucking sucks when those expectations become\par
a cage.\par
I couldn\rquote t reply. Tears had spilled unbidden down my cheeks. I shook so\par
much, I\rquote d dropped the phone.\par
If Kite was Kestrel. He was hiding just as much as me. A man\par
camouflaging everything real in order to protect himself in a family of\par
monsters.\par
Jethro snapped his fingers in front of my nose, breaking my daydream.\par
My heart galloped at the thought of never being able to text Kite again,\par
especially now we\rquote d broken some barrier and admitted we had more in\par
common than seeking sexual gratification.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a thousand miles away. Pay attention.\rdblquote\par
I blinked, forcing myself to lock onto Jethro\rquote s golden gaze.\par
\ldblquote I was giving you an idea of how today would go. You asked me to\par
inform you, remember, back in the woods?\rdblquote\par
Blinking again, I nodded. \ldblquote Yes. Can you repeat?\rdblquote\par
He chuckled coldly. \ldblquote No, I will not repeat. I showed kindness in bracing\par
you against today\rquote s events, yet you couldn\rquote t grant me the courtesy of\par
listening. I refuse to reiterate myself.\rdblquote\par
Rolling my shoulders back, I tried not to worry about what my future\par
held and only on what was important. \ldblquote Please, I need my phone back.\rdblquote\par
Jethro shook his head. \ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
My heart sprinted. \ldblquote But you said I could use it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I did.\rdblquote  His lips twitched. \ldblquote I also said you had to ask permission in\par
order to do so. I want to check your history. Make sure you\rquote re not\par
disobeying the rules.\rdblquote\par
Shit, why didn\rquote t I delete my inbox?\par
\ldblquote The rules?\rdblquote\par
His eyes narrowed. \ldblquote Rules, Ms. Weaver. I don\rquote t have many, but I did\par
request you didn\rquote t contact your brother. If you\rquote ve obeyed, you have nothing\par
to worry about, and I\rquote ll return the phone to you.\rdblquote\par
Shit.\par
Not only had I been texting V, I\rquote d also shared more with Kite than I\par
wanted Jethro to see.\par
If Kes was Kite, Jethro would know of the connection I had with his\par
brother. He would use that knowledge. He would hurt me with it.\par
I can\rquote t let that happen.\par
I wanted to scream.\par
Standing as tall as I could, I said, \ldblquote My brother knows.\rdblquote\par
Jethro went still, his face tightening. \ldblquote I suppose I should thank you for\par
your honesty. I thought he would by now. The Weaver men aren\rquote t ones for\par
letting us take their women. Even with the correct paperwork.\rdblquote\par
I glared. \ldblquote You knew he would come for me?\rdblquote\par
Jethro nodded. \ldblquote I suspected, and your father, too. It\rquote s been the case for\par
hundreds of years. Do you really think your father didn\rquote t come and try to\par
rescue your mother?\rdblquote  He laughed. \ldblquote What sort of man do you think he is?\rdblquote\par
A man I never knew.\par
Jethro smirked, seeing my answer flicker in my eyes. He reached out,\par
tenderly tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear. \ldblquote To lose faith so soon\par
in the ones you hold most dear is the worst crime of all, Ms. Weaver. I hope,\par
for your sake, he never knows how you doubted him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why are you telling me this? Isn\rquote t it better for you if I feel cut off and\par
abandoned?\rdblquote\par
He shook his head, his fingers dropping from my ear to cup the back of\par
my neck. \ldblquote No. Where\rquote s the fun in that? You were loved. You are loved. It\rquote s\par
more bittersweet to know the men who tried to protect you are now on the\par
outside trying to break in to free you. It\rquote s much more fun when there are\par
more players in the game.\rdblquote\par
I whispered, \ldblquote I don\rquote t understand you at all.\rdblquote\par
He grinned, looking positively light-hearted. \ldblquote That\rquote s the nicest thing\par
you\rquote ve ever said to me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t a compliment.\rdblquote\par
He gripped my neck harder. \ldblquote Regardless, I like it.\rdblquote  His eyes drifted\par
from mine to latch onto my mouth. The air between us went from sharp to\par
lust-laden. His tongue came out, tracing his bottom lip.\par
My core warmed. I was too weak to ignore the masculine call of him,\par
even while hating his guts.\par
His thumb caressed the column of my neck, both in a threat and a tease.\par
\ldblquote You won the other night. We both know that. But you won\rquote t win today.\par
Today is mine. Today, you obey.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe. His mouth came so close to mine, making me drunk\par
on the anticipation of kissing.\par
He\rquote d tormented me with the illusion of a kiss ever since we\rquote d met: in\par
the coffee shop, by the stables as I squirmed on his fingers, and now here.\par
His lips were a fraction away from claiming mine. His breath smelled of\par
mint and sin, and his fingers dug into my nape with everything he kept\par
hidden.\par
A kiss could very well be the one thing that could shatter the icy wall he\par
hid behind once and for all.\par
I swayed forward, trying to capture his mouth.\par
He reared back, clucking his tongue. \ldblquote So eager, Ms. Weaver. If I didn\rquote t\par
know any better, I\rquote d say you like the taste of me.\rdblquote  His brow lowered to\par
darken his eyes. \ldblquote You seemed to enjoy what I shot down your throat in the\par
woods.\rdblquote\par
That was how he wanted to play? Fine. I would play dirty. I had nothing\par
left but to tear away any illusion of being an innocent seamstress and\par
embrace this nonsensical war. I wanted to roll in dirt and filth; I would meet\par
him on the battlefield and never back down.\par
\ldblquote I did enjoy it. But not as much as you enjoyed sticking your tongue\par
inside me.\rdblquote  Smiling coyly, I whispered, \ldblquote Admit it, Jethro...admit that your\par
mouth waters to have more of me. I bet your cock is hard right now,\par
thinking of going where your lucky lips have been.\rdblquote\par
I quaked with an odd combination of fear and confidence. \ldblquote You could\par
do it, you know. I wouldn\rquote t stop you. In fact, if you want to know the truth\par
\emdash the deep, dark, bitter truth\emdash I want you to fuck me. I want to feel you fill\par
me, thrusting into me, stretching me to the point of pain. Want to know\par
why?\rdblquote\par
Somehow, I\rquote d started this masquerade to get under his skin, but I\rquote d\par
successfully gotten under my own. My breath became a pant. My skin\par
sparked with need. My core twisted with wetness.\par
Jethro\rquote s lips parted, his fingers clutching harder and harder around my\par
nape. \ldblquote I know what you\rquote re doing, and no, I don\rquote t want to know why.\rdblquote\par
The air throbbed thick and hot, threading around us with blatant need. \ldblquote I\par
don\rquote t care. I\rquote ll tell you anyway.\rdblquote  Licking my lips, I murmured, \ldblquote I want you\par
to fuck me, Jethro Hawk, so you can see that you may own my body, but\par
you will never own my soul. By taking me, you\rquote ll finally realize that I\rquote m\par
the strongest one here. That I can manipulate you into wanting me.\rdblquote\par
Taking a huge risk and gambling with my life, I reached up to cup his\par
cheek.\par
He flinched but didn\rquote t move away. \ldblquote The moment when you fill me,\par
you\rquote ll see. That moment when you douse me in your cum, you\rquote ll be\par
completely in my power. I\rquote ll own you. A Weaver owning a pet Hawk.\rdblquote\par
And when I\rquote d collared and blinded him, I would use my bird of prey to\par
hunt on my behalf. I would teach him to tear out the hearts of my enemies\par
and obey my every whim. Because I was done being controlled. I was done\par
being a girl.\par
I\rquote m unconquerable.\par
Silence fell thick and cloying. We both didn\rquote t move, our breathing\par
ragged and torn.\par
Then Jethro released me, stepping back with unmeasured steps.\par
\ldblquote Confidence will only hurt you in the end.\rdblquote\par
The back of my neck tingled from where he\rquote d held me. \ldblquote I guess we\rquote ll\par
see. Unless you plan never to sleep with me.\rdblquote\par
Ignoring that, he snatched my wrist and dragged me toward the door.\par
\ldblquote Enough. I\rquote m done with your games.\rdblquote\par
I stumbled after him, following the muddy wake of his anger. \ldblquote Where\par
are we going?\rdblquote\par
His voice dropped to a hiss. \ldblquote First, you have a history lesson, and\par
then...\rdblquote\par
My heart fell into my toes as he wrenched open the door and tugged me\par
into the corridor.\par
I couldn\rquote t help myself. I had to ask. \ldblquote Then?\rdblquote\par
Smiling cruelly, he said, \ldblquote Then it\rquote s time for payment. Today is your\par
First Debt, Ms. Weaver. The Debt Inheritance has begun.\rdblquote\f0\par
Jethro.\par
FUCK IT ALL to hell.\par
It\rquote d taken the longest session of my life to claw back my chilly shell.\par
It\rquote d taken more out of me than even the first lesson taught by my father.\par
But within ten minutes, Nila fucking Weaver had found the smallest of\par
cracks and used a crowbar of words to snap it wider.\par
Too bad for her, I wasn\rquote t giving in today. I had a job to do\f1\emdash a mandate\par
to fulfil\emdash and I would carry it out to the best of my ability. If I didn\rquote t,\par
everyone would see. And everyone would know that the firstborn son was\par
weak.\par
I\rquote d been watching Kestrel and his sneaky smiles. I\rquote d been stalking\par
Daniel and his maddening glares. They both wanted what I had. And I\par
wouldn\rquote t give my father any reason to think I couldn\rquote t tame Nila like any\par
self-respecting Hawk. Cameras around the house would report how I treated\par
Nila to Cut and the Black Diamond brotherhood. Spies would be on the\par
lookout, judging my final test to ensure the Hawk fortune was going to the\par
right brother.\par
This was the ultimate test. The Debt Inheritance was more than history\par
and payments\emdash it was an important sequence of events that every firstborn\par
Hawk had to complete in order to inherit his legacy.\par
If I failed...who knew if my father would let me live. A firstborn son\par
didn\rquote t necessarily inherit everything\emdash not if death stole him too soon.\par
And judging by family records, there had been a few that hadn\rquote t passed\par
the examination.\par
I can\rquote t afford to fuck it up.\par
Not if I wanted to keep Nila as mine.\par
Not if I wanted to keep my own life intact.\par
And not if I wanted to...protect...her from men who would undoubtedly\par
be worse than me.\par
Protect.\par
What a strange, horrible word. It came layered with responsibility and\par
commitment. Both were fucking vile on my tongue.\par
As I dragged Nila down the corridor, I gritted my teeth at the flashes of\par
light on hidden camera lenses. What Nila didn\rquote t know was this was all a\par
charade and we were the main attraction, playing it up for the audience\par
behind the curtain.\par
In a way, we were both controlled\emdash her by love, me by...\par
Clenching my jaw, I shook my head. Get out. You found that silence.\par
Time to find it again. The cameras are rolling, the puppeteers are tugging,\par
and it\rquote s show-time.\par
Stalking past the corridor that led to the bachelor wing\emdash my bachelor\par
wing\emdash I kept tugging my unwilling Weaver toward the first part of the debt.\par
I was lucky that so much of the house was segmented just for my use.\par
My brothers shared with the Diamonds. Their quarters far exceeded any\par
other compound, but they still had strict rules to follow.\par
My stomach tensed, thinking of last night\rquote s business. We always\par
conducted the bulk of our work at night. Ten of us had fulfilled the brief,\par
and I\rquote d cranked up my newest Harley that\rquote d arrived from Milan, thanks to\par
Flaw, and thundered through the darkness to ensure a new diamond\par
shipment made it intact to the cutters and dealers.\par
Diamond smuggling was fucking dangerous. Not only was the law out\par
to prosecute, but every sticky-fingered arsehole wanted a piece. Diamonds\par
were the easiest, most convenient way to move wealth\emdash small but worth a\par
fortune. The Black Diamonds had formed, not for the love of riding and a\par
brotherhood of like-minded bikers, but purely to kick the shit out of anyone\par
who managed to get close enough to rob us.\par
Before, we\rquote d moved merchandise with armoured vans and suits in broad\par
daylight. But vans were such easy targets\emdash so damn obvious.\par
So, we\rquote d evolved.\par
Ten bikers...six with diamond cargo, four without. We rode in formation\par
with guns armed and ready to defend. Police scanners kept us off roads\par
where roadblocks were prevalent, and our fierce notoriety steadily grew.\par
Robberies were still attempted\emdash shit, they always would be.\par
Opportunists would give anything to intercept even a small shipment. Who\par
wouldn\rquote t for an easy catchment of over three million pounds\rquote  worth of\par
stones?\par
But we never chose the same route twice, we never let thieves walk\par
away with their lives, and we earned the reputation of ruthless murderers.\par
After dealing with Nila and the mess she caused inside me, I\rquote d craved\par
an ambush. I\rquote d wanted some motherfuckers to pounce, so I could give\par
myself to mayhem and teach them a lesson. I\rquote d wanted a fight.\par
But the night remained silent apart from our grumbling machines, and\par
the delivery went smoothly.\par
By the time I crawled into bed at four a.m., I suffered a knot of tension\par
in my gut and no amount of fantasising about fucking Nila could stop it. I\rquote d\par
laid in bed going over what happened in the forest. I gripped my cock and\par
imagined sliding inside her and showing her once and for fucking all she\par
couldn\rquote t win\emdash no matter that she had. I\rquote d never had an orgasm so intense,\par
so draining. Her mouth had been alchemy. The release she\rquote d given left me\par
silent inside...but different to the icy silence I\rquote d been taught to wield.\par
I\rquote d been sated enough to permit my barriers to drop, to relax for the first\par
time in my life.\par
And I wanted to hurt her for making me feel that. To glimpse an\par
alternative to the one I\rquote d been taught. But no matter how much I wanted to\par
teach her a lesson, I also wanted to drive her insane with pleasure, so she\par
felt what I did.\par
\ldblquote I can walk on my own, you know.\rdblquote  Nila tugged her wrist, trying to free\par
herself from my grip.\par
Our feet\emdash mine in dress shoes, hers in flip-flops\emdash whispered down the\par
plush red-carpeted corridor. \ldblquote I like knowing you have no choice but to\par
follow my every footstep, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
She growled under her breath.\par
Turning a corner, I took her down a different route. I had no reason\par
other than to confuse her. She would have no idea where we were going\par
until the final second.\par
\ldblquote Wow.\rdblquote  Nila lagged behind, her eyes fixated on the perimeter and the\par
huge wall hangings. The beautiful tapestries hung from brass rods two\par
stories high. Depictions of hunting mythical creatures\emdash blood spurting from\par
unicorns and griffons impaled on spikes\emdash were the cheery d\f0\'e9cor.\par
\ldblquote Who did all these? Was it your ancestors?\rdblquote\par
I chuckled. \ldblquote You think we\rquote re skilled at arts and crafts?\rdblquote  Shaking my\par
head, I said, \ldblquote We aren\rquote t weavers or sewers. We have much more important\par
things to do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Like hunt?\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote Amongst other pastimes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So who did them?\rdblquote\par
I scowled. \ldblquote Why do you think there has to be a link between something\par
appealing to the eye and history? Diamonds buy a lot of things, Ms.\par
Weaver. There comes a time when wealth transforms, and purchasing works\par
of art is one of them.\rdblquote\par
She shuddered, looking away.\par
Why the fuck did she shudder? It was the way of the world. Everybody\par
knew that the rich grew richer, and the poor sold their souls for a piece of it.\par
Silence fell awkwardly between us as we traversed the distance to the\par
other wing of the house. I\rquote d spent an entire lifetime in this monolithic\par
prison and still managed to get lost.\par
Turning the last corner, Nila slammed to a halt.\par
My lips twitched at the corners. \ldblquote Recognise something?\rdblquote\par
Her dark eyes widened with horror. \ldblquote You can\rquote t take me in there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can and I will.\rdblquote\par
Before us rested the huge double doors of the dining room. \par
Nila squirmed in my hold. \ldblquote You said I was to pay the First Debt. I\rquote ve\par
already paid the one where your foul associates licked me. You can\rquote t mean\par
to repeat it.\rdblquote\par
I growled, \ldblquote What time is it?\rdblquote\par
Her face went blank. \ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
I pointed down the hall, where the sun beamed through the French doors\par
at the end. \ldblquote It\rquote s morning. I was out late last night working up an appetite,\par
and it\rquote s that time when people typically eat.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Breakfast?\rdblquote  she squeaked. \ldblquote You\rquote re making me eat in the same room\par
where your awful family\f1\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No need to repeat the facts, Ms. Weaver. I\rquote m fully aware of what\par
happened to you in there. Unfortunately for you, I don\rquote t care. I\rquote m hungry.\par
You\rquote re hungry. We have a big day ahead of us, and it\rquote s time for fucking\par
breakfast.\rdblquote\par
Her head tilted as the curse fell from my mouth.\par
Goddammit to fucking hell.\par
Why did I have to end up with a Weaver who seemed to tap into a\par
never-ending well of strength and intelligence? Her question before hadn\rquote t\par
stopped ringing in my ears: \ldblquote What did you do?\rdblquote\par
How had she seen my transformation so clearly, so shrewdly? Even my\par
own family didn\rquote t notice things like that\emdash only if I went too far did they\par
ever intervene. I had to keep her at arm\rquote s length if I had any hope of hiding\par
my true self.\par
I leaned down to her level, my eyes disobeying my command not to\par
stray to her lips. So pink and full, just the memory of having them wrapped\par
around my cock made me ripple with need.\par
You want to kiss her.\par
I crucified that thought immediately. A kiss was connection\emdash a kiss\par
could never happen, because I wanted no connection with this woman. I\par
couldn\rquote t.\par
\ldblquote I agree it\rquote s morning and we should eat, but please, Jethro, take me\par
somewhere else. Hell, give me a picnic in the kennels. Just don\rquote t take me\par
into that room.\rdblquote\par
The plea in her voice disgusted me. I preferred her when she remained\par
defiant, rather than begging. \ldblquote No arguing. Gemstone is always held in this\par
room. We won\rquote t break tradition for anyone, especially you.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes narrowed. \ldblquote Gemstone?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Our weekly meeting with the Diamond brothers. While you were\par
relaxing the past few days, some of us were working. The meeting is a\par
recap of dealings and revenue, and you\rquote re a Hawk now. You get to be privy\par
to our inner empire. Lucky, wouldn\rquote t you say?\rdblquote\par
She tried to jerk her wrist from my hold. It didn\rquote t work. \ldblquote And if I don\rquote t\par
want to be a part of it?\rdblquote\par
I smirked. \ldblquote Do you really think you have a choice?\rdblquote\par
We glowered at each other.\par
Placing my palm on the doors, I pushed them open and pulled her into\par
the room where her induction had taken place. \par
\par
I looked over at Nila.\par
She sat wedged between Kestrel and Flaw. For the first twenty minutes\par
of the meeting, she\rquote d been jumpy, angry, and downright livid to be back in\par
the room with the same men who\rquote d seen and tasted every morsel of her. \par
Now, an hour into the meeting, she\rquote d stopped hissing whenever a\par
brother asked her a polite question, and had even eaten half of her salmon\par
and poached eggs with hollandaise sauce. She\rquote d refused coffee, which\par
reminded me of how she didn\rquote t drink the one I bought her in Milan, and her\par
body language was so fucking uptight, I expected her to pass out from\par
muscle exhaustion any second.\par
For the past sixty minutes, we\rquote d discussed the successful transaction last\par
night, the rare delivery of a diamond over twenty-six carats next week, and\par
the on-going politics in Sierra Leone. Boring stuff for an outsider.\par
She isn\rquote t an outsider. She\rquote s ours now.\par
More often than I wished, I caught myself watching her, my eyes\par
seeming to land on her, regardless of who was speaking. She was the only\par
splash of colour in the line-up of men on her side of the table\emdash a peach\par
fiesta smack in the middle of leather-jacketed bikers.\par
\ldblquote Now that we\rquote ve got the basics out of the way, Jethro, do you have\par
anything to report?\rdblquote  Cut looked down the table, surveying his good\par
disciples.\par
I stiffened in my chair as all eyes turned on me, including Nila\rquote s. Last\par
night had been fucking boring. I had nothing to add. Now that I\rquote d eaten, I\par
just wanted to leave, get the debt over with, and go for a ride. I needed to\par
get out of this place and away from these people.\par
\ldblquote No, nothing to add. You\rquote ve covered it.\rdblquote\par
Daniel snickered, his dark hair spiked with too much gel. \ldblquote Yeah, Pop,\par
you\rquote ve gone over the boring shit. Let\rquote s get to the good part.\rdblquote\par
Nila froze; her dark eyes glared, shooting hatred across the table toward\par
my younger brother.\par
Couldn\rquote t say I blamed her; the feeling was mutual.\par
Daniel sneered at Nila, licking his lips and blowing her a kiss. \ldblquote I want\par
to see how our guest reacts.\rdblquote\par
My fists clenched on the table.\par
Kestrel shifted beside her, nudging her shoulder with his. Loud enough\par
for his voice to carry, he said, \ldblquote It\rquote s okay, Nila. You\rquote re on the sane side of\par
the table. I won\rquote t let him touch you.\rdblquote\par
Nila tensed as her head swivelled to look at him. Her eyes searched his,\par
her chin cocked in a strange mixture of defiance and curiosity.\par
The second turned into a drawn-out moment, and still they stared.\par
What the fuck?\par
Finally, Nila nodded, her black ponytail draping over her shoulder.\par
Never tearing her gaze from Kes, she said softly, \ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote\par
Kes beamed, his golden eyes, the trait all Hawk men carried, glowed.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re welcome.\rdblquote  Something passed between them. Something I fucking\par
hated.\par
Running a hand through his dark, silver-flecked hair, Kes tore his eyes\par
from Nila\rquote s to look directly into mine. \ldblquote You only have to come to me if you\par
ever feel overwhelmed.\rdblquote  \par
That lowlife bastard.\par
My hands balled in my lap. \ldblquote Enough.\rdblquote\par
Kes reclined in his chair, dropping his forearm\emdash the one tattooed with a\par
bird of prey\emdash beneath the table.\par
Nila jumped a mile.\par
He\rquote d touched her! That goddamn arsehole touched what was mine.\par
The instant Nila jolted, Kes pulled away, a smug smile on his lips.\par
\ldblquote Sorry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t touch me,\rdblquote  Nila hissed.\par
Something warm sprang from nowhere in my chest. Warm? How was\par
that possible when my heart was full of snow?\par
My lips twitched, smugness of my own unable to be hidden. Nila might\par
be intrigued or even drawn to Kes, but it was my cock that\rquote d been in her\par
mouth, my tongue that\rquote d been in that pretty cunt of hers.\par
Kestrel\rquote s suave smile dropped. He always did think too highly of\par
himself. Just because the club whores preferred him, it didn\rquote t mean he was\par
better than the rest of us. He was my favourite person; however, I would not\par
tolerate him poaching my prey.\par
Kes hung his head, turning on the charm and magic puppy-dog eyes that\par
twisted the knickers off many women. \ldblquote I only meant to offer comfort. I\rquote m\par
sorry if I offended you.\rdblquote\par
Nila crossed her arms, breathing shallowly. Before she could respond, a\par
Diamond brother muttered from across the table, \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m sorry if we\par
offended you the other day.\rdblquote\par
Nila\rquote s head shot up.\par
Daniel thumped him in the arm. \ldblquote What the fuck, man?\rdblquote\par
Stupid Daniel.\par
He didn\rquote t understand how unravelling a person\rquote s psyche went. First\par
came cruelty\emdash a stripping of every high and mighty concept that they were\par
untouchable. Then came tenderness\emdash an acknowledgement of going too far\par
and promises of safety.\par
This was the second stage.\par
I\rquote d seen it happen with Nila\rquote s mother. I\rquote d witnessed the bewitchment as\par
she fell under my father\rquote s spell.\par
That\rquote s going to happen to Nila.\par
My heart froze at the thought of her looking at me the way her mother\par
looked at my father. Not with fear or panic or loathing but with trust and\par
happiness and...affection.\par
\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote  she whispered, almost mute with shock.\par
The brother who\rquote d spoken, an older man with a goatee, smiled gently.\par
\ldblquote You have to understand, it was our way of welcoming you into our midst.\par
You do not need to be afraid of us.\rdblquote\par
She squared her shoulders. \ldblquote I\rquote m not afraid.\rdblquote\par
I swallowed hard as a foreign emotion crawled into my chest.\par
Goddammit. Jealousy. Again. I was fucking jealous of the men around this\par
table. I wanted to rip their heads off for tasting what was mine.\par
Don\rquote t go there, Jet.\par
My father was right to give her to the brotherhood the moment she\par
arrived. If he demanded I strip and deliver her for a round of service again, I\par
would draw a sword from the armoury on the walls and strike him down.\par
I would never be able to stand behind his chair now. Even though only a\par
few days had passed, so much had happened. Nila had evolved into\par
someone who drove me past rationality and straight into the chaos she\par
wielded so well.\par
While Nila had been licked and tasted, I\rquote d fought an unwinnable battle\par
of possession. I\rquote d said the words\emdash I went along with the act of sharing her\par
\emdash but that was fucking bullshit now...\par
Now, I would never be able to share.\par
Never.\par
She was mine.\par
Not my brothers\rquote , not my father\rquote s, and definitely not the conclave of\par
bikers, who by rights were my minions. \par
Mine.\par
Another brother broke through my tormenting thoughts, saying to Nila,\par
\ldblquote It was a special circumstance to welcome you into our family. We were all\par
honoured to have you become a part of us.\rdblquote\par
Nila\rquote s face twisted in disgust. \ldblquote A part of you?\rdblquote\par
I jumped in before anyone else could. Ingrates. There was a way of\par
delivering this so it made sense, not repulsed. \ldblquote We all tasted you. We all\par
licked a part of you and absorbed your sweat, your tears, your fears. No\par
other initiation could\rquote ve broken the barriers between newcomers and oldtimers better than stripping you bare.\rdblquote\par
Nila\rquote s mouth fell onto the table. The same table I\rquote d spread her over and\par
driven my tongue deep inside.\par
Fuck, shouldn\rquote t have thought about that.\par
My cock went from soft to hard in an instant. I shifted in my chair as\par
memories of her blowing me in the forest came thick and fast. I\rquote d come\par
thick and fast. All down that beautiful throat.\par
I felt Cut watching me, the intensity of his gaze searing into my skin.\par
\ldblquote What did you just say?\rdblquote  Nila whispered, her features strained.\par
Cut sat taller in his chair at the head of the table, steepling his hands in\par
front of him. \ldblquote Jethro\rquote s right, Nila.\rdblquote\par
Nila.\par
I hated that everyone called her Nila. They had no right to her first\par
name. If and when anyone addressed her by it, it should be me.\par
Why don\rquote t you then? She wants you to. She asked strongly enough in the\par
woods.\par
I didn\rquote t have an answer to that. And I didn\rquote t have the guts to search for\par
one.\par
Nila shook her head, looking at my father. \ldblquote Is this another one of your\par
mind games?\rdblquote\par
Cut smiled reservedly. \ldblquote No games. I told you, you\rquote re a part of this\par
family now. You\rquote ll be treated kindly and respectfully. You will come to care\par
for us, just like you care for your own flesh and blood.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Never,\rdblquote  she spat.\par
Cut chuckled. \ldblquote Your mother said the same thing, but by the end, she\par
willingly paid the last debt. A pet can only hate its owner for so long. But\par
ply it with warmth, safety, kindness, and good food, and soon...you\rquote ll have\par
no choice but to let go of that hatred in your heart and embrace the life\par
we\rquote re giving you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The life you mean to steal.\rdblquote\par
He nodded. \ldblquote The life we mean to steal. But also the life we will\par
continue to nurture as long as we have your strict obedience.\rdblquote  His eyes\par
landed on me. \ldblquote Give me an update, Jet. How are things progressing? Have\par
you followed my instructions?\rdblquote\par
Not one.\par
Not a single fucking rule had I followed. And yet...what had happened\par
in the woods after I\rquote d hunted her down had taken something from her. We\rquote d\par
shared something. Something I never wanted to share with another human\par
being, because it made me feel so damn weak.\par
Ignoring the question, I sat taller. \ldblquote The First Debt will be paid this\par
afternoon.\rdblquote\par
Nila sucked in a breath. Her fear of the unknown did a much better job\par
than I ever could.\par
Cut relaxed into his chair. \ldblquote Good.\rdblquote\par
A second passed.\par
Another ticked silently before Nila snapped, \ldblquote Have you forgotten my\par
promise so soon, Mr. Hawk?\rdblquote\par
The table froze; men looked from the skinny seamstress to their leatherjacketed leader.\par
Cut tensed. \ldblquote No, I haven\rquote t forgotten.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I meant what I said,\rdblquote  Nila growled. \ldblquote I will kill you. You can pretend\par
you\rquote re kind and keep me in good health, but I will never forget what you\rquote ve\par
done.\rdblquote\par
I stood up, slapping my palms loudly on the table. \ldblquote Ms. Weaver!\rdblquote\par
Her head snapped in my direction, her dark eyes blazing. \ldblquote Was I talking\par
to you? You\rquote re as bad as he is. I have a good mind to kill you, too.\rdblquote\par
My heart raced, shedding the glacier in favour of excitement.\par
Excitement? How the hell did she confuse me and draw out such\par
lubricous reactions? \ldblquote Oh, you can try. We\rquote ll see who wins. A seasoned\par
hunter or a fumbling dressmaker? I know who I\rquote d place money on.\rdblquote\par
Nila shoved her chair back, standing in one swift move. She looked as if\par
she would hurl herself over the table to slap me.\par
Cut shouted, \ldblquote Out! All of you.\rdblquote\par
Shit.\par
Tearing my eyes from the trembling, angry woman before me, I\par
muttered, \ldblquote Cut, let me\emdash\rdblquote\par
Punish her.\par
Fuck her.\par
Ruin her in my own way.\par
Anything to stop you from touching what\rquote s mine.\par
My father pursed his lips, pointing at the doors. \ldblquote Out. I won\rquote t ask\par
again.\rdblquote\par
The Diamond brothers stood up, their chairs sliding over thick carpet,\par
before disappearing out the door in creaking leather and boots.\par
Daniel, Kes, and I didn\rquote t move.\par
Nila stood locked in place.\par
Cut raised his eyebrow. \ldblquote I believe I just gave an order?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What? All of us?\rdblquote  Kestrel asked, disbelief in his voice.\par
Cut didn\rquote t reply, only glowered until the power of his rank, and the fact\par
he was not only our father but our president, overrode our rebellion.\par
My brothers stood.\par
I gritted my teeth as Kes placed a hand on Nila\rquote s shoulder, sharing a\par
look with her that made my stomach fucking shake off any pretence of ice\par
and go nuclear with fury.\par
Nila smiled softly, standing and moving toward the exit.\par
\ldblquote Not you, Ms. Weaver. You and I are going to have a little chat,\rdblquote  Cut\par
said quietly.\par
Nila closed her eyes briefly, blocking her panic. When she opened them\par
again, all that remained was reckless confidence.\par
I wanted to say something, but my tongue tied into a useless piece of\par
meat.\par
\ldblquote Out, Jethro. I won\rquote t ask again.\rdblquote\par
Nodding once at my father, I moved stiffly. Nila refused to meet my\par
eyes as I stalked out of the room, following my two siblings.\par
The last thing I heard as the doors closed was my father\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Now\par
that we\rquote re alone, my dear, I have something I want to share with you.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
I COULDN\rquote T MOVE.\par
My knees locked against buckling. My heart thundered from fighting\par
with Jethro. I hated myself for missing him. The instant the door closed\par
behind him, I couldn\rquote t stop the overwhelming urge to follow.\par
It\rquote s because you think you understand him enough to predict his next\par
atrocity.\par
I supposed that was right. Locked in a room with the man who killed\par
my mother was a lot worse than being with the son I began to see as more\par
than just a cold piece of ice.\par
\ldblquote Sit, Nila.\rdblquote  Mr. Hawk smiled from the head of the table. I was grateful\par
he didn\rquote t come toward me or request that I go to him. But it did nothing to\par
stop fear, repulsion, and rage from saturating my heart.\par
Pouring himself some orange juice from the carafe beside him, he\par
muttered, \ldblquote You have such a low opinion of us.\rdblquote\par
Slowly, I sank back into my chair. Gripping the lip of the table, I forced\par
myself to stay calm and ready to fight. \ldblquote What do you expect? You stole me\par
then let your men lick me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did they hurt you?\rdblquote\par
His question hung heavy between us.\par
I wanted to lie and say yes they\rquote d hurt me. Mentally scarred me. But\par
that wouldn\rquote t be the truth. If anything, they\rquote d been the first step into finally\par
embracing the strength I\rquote d always been afraid of. Hurt me? Yes, they\rquote d\par
transformed me into a stranger.\par
I tilted my chin, looking down my nose. \ldblquote It was wrong.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Was it? You seemed to find it pleasurable.\rdblquote\par
I refused to let my cheeks pink.\par
\ldblquote To give an unwilling woman to a room of men is wrong. Gross.\par
Against the law.\rdblquote\par
He chuckled, sounding way too much like his son. \ldblquote Let me lay this out\par
for you, seeing as Jethro currently seems to be struggling with following\par
orders and discipline.\rdblquote  He placed his elbows on the table. \ldblquote Obey, and you\par
will have free reign of my home, go where you please, direct my staff as\par
you see fit, and truly become one of us. I don\rquote t have the time nor the\par
inclination to keep you trapped in a tower with only the occasional scraps to\par
keep you alive. That, my dear, in my experience doesn\rquote t make a good pet,\par
nor does it make a willing Weaver to pay back the debts owed.\rdblquote\par
There was so much information in that small speech, I grasped at each\par
word with eager fingers.\par
Jethro struggled with discipline?\par
Free reign?\par
Willing?\par
I wanted answers to all my questions, but I focused on the one I needed\par
most. Twisting the truth a little, I asked, \ldblquote Why do you say that about Jethro?\par
He\rquote s been nothing but freezing cold since we met.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Hawk smiled. \ldblquote Yes, he\rquote s been doing well with that. I\rquote m rather proud\par
of him.\rdblquote\par
My heart seized. What did that mean?\par
He added, \ldblquote You seem to think these debts will be monstrous. Shall I put\par
your mind at rest, so you may relax and enjoy our hospitality?\rdblquote\par
There\rquote s nothing you can say to make me relax while under your heinous\par
roof.\par
\ldblquote No. I\rquote ll never enjoy anything you offer me.\rdblquote\par
He scowled. \ldblquote The First Debt will be the easiest. The simplest extraction\par
of payment for something your ancestors did. The next will be slightly more\par
taxing and so on and so forth, until all debts are accounted for.\rdblquote\par
I know that, arsehole. Your son told me.\par
Smirking, he added, \ldblquote The timeframe for each debt will be decided by\par
Jethro and myself, depending on your acceptance of your new life. And\par
rewards will be given when you fully cooperate.\rdblquote  Taking a sip of juice, he\par
finished, \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about your future; we have it completely under\par
control.\rdblquote\par
Ugh, I couldn\rquote t stand his egotistical attitude. \ldblquote You do realise none of\par
this is legal. The Human Rights Act abolished selling people into slavery.\par
You can\rquote t keep me forever.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Hawk went deathly still. \ldblquote I see you\rquote ve been researching while\par
cooped up in your room.\rdblquote  Wiping his mouth, he muttered, \ldblquote No amount of\par
laws or rules will save you, Ms. Weaver. The debts between our two\par
families trump all that.\rdblquote\par
Only in your sick, twisted mind.\par
Changing the subject, I crossed my arms and snapped, \ldblquote Jethro already\par
told me how the debts would be laid out. Tell me something new.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Hawk froze. \ldblquote He did what?\rdblquote\par
Oh, God. Jethro\rquote s weakness around me was to my advantage. Why did I\par
say that? Why tip off his tyrannical father to his son\rquote s hidden softness?\par
Backtracking, I muttered, \ldblquote He told me while dragging me back after\par
hunting me down.\rdblquote  Holding up my scratched arms from tree branches, I\par
hoped the evidence of being mistreated at Jethro's hands would mollify him.\par
\ldblquote He hunted me with the same dogs he made me sleep with. You should be\par
proud of your son, sir. He\rquote s a monster.\rdblquote\par
A monster with a heart buried deep beneath that snow you make him\par
embrace.\par
Mr. Hawk smiled coldly. \ldblquote I\rquote m rather surprised and impressed by his\par
initiative. That wasn\rquote t discussed, nor part of the planned activities, but\par
perhaps I underestimated him.\rdblquote\par
Standing, he threw his napkin from his lap onto the table. \ldblquote Now, if\par
you\rquote ll excuse me. I\rquote m late to another meeting. I\rquote m sure Jethro will come\par
collect you.\rdblquote\par
Bowing, as if I were the Lady of the Manor all set for a day of crossstitch and sedate relaxation, he pressed his fingertips to his mouth and blew\par
a gentle kiss. \ldblquote Good day, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
My ingrained manners almost repeated the polite parting; I bit my\par
tongue.\par
Don\rquote t you dare. He\rquote s the devil, not some kind-hearted father figure.\par
Keeping my lips glued together, I remained silent.\par
Mr. Hawk passed my chair, stopping briefly to run his hand through my\par
ponytail.\par
I shivered as the soft tug of his fingers whispered through the black\par
strands.\par
\ldblquote Such a pretty thing. I can see I\rquote ll have to step up my lessons with my\par
son to ensure you both behave.\rdblquote\par
My heart lurched, speeding around my chest.\par
What the hell did that mean?\par
Staying stiff and unyielding, I didn\rquote t mutter a sound as he tugged once\par
on my ponytail, then disappeared from the room.\par
I was left alone in the cavernous space with the beady eyes of past\par
Hawks watching my every move. The glittering chandeliers above twinkled\par
with sunlight spilling in from leadlight windows.\par
Little rainbows danced across my knuckles, reminding me of the design\par
that\rquote d come to me when I stood naked and about to run for my life. Fractals\par
from the diamond collar around my neck had inspired rather than repulsed.\par
That seemed like an age ago.\par
My old life had faded so fast; it seemed almost dreamlike. Had I really\par
been heralded as the next star of London couture?\par
It seemed surreal and something I didn\rquote t even crave. I hated the\par
limelight. So how did I think I could walk headfirst into a career where I\par
would forever have to sell myself in order to peddle my creations? I would\par
no longer be holed up in a room full of calico and satin with assistants. I\par
would be the face of Nila\f1\emdash my brand.\par
The show in Milan had taken every reserve I had. And that had been the\par
first one.\par
I would never have survived.\par
Yet another part of my life where the Hawks had meddled and granted\par
me a reprieve. I hated that they\rquote d shown me a different way of existing\emdash\par
one I was better suited to than my own heritage.\par
The longer I sat there, the more my mind skipped from subject to\par
subject. My fingers itched to text my brother and Kite, but bloody Jethro\par
had my phone.\par
I have to get it back.\par
I didn\rquote t know what I waited for. Someone to come and claim me? Jethro\par
to ensnare me and cart me off to do whatever horrible things he planned\par
next? But no one came to fetch me or demand I follow.\par
Staff, a mixture of men and women in smart black and white uniforms,\par
entered the room to clear away breakfast.\par
They smiled kindly, going about their business as if life was normal.\par
Completely fucking normal.\par
I deliberated staying in the dining room where it was moderately\par
peaceful with the bustle of staff and gentle clinking of crockery, but I\par
couldn\rquote t look at the table without flushing and suffering a dreadfully\par
unwanted spasm of lust at the memory of Jethro\rquote s tongue.\par
My skin crawled to think that I found comfort in the very same room\par
men had stripped me bare\emdash not just my body, but my sanity, too\emdash and\par
delivered me into this new fate.\par
I have to leave.\par
Standing, I stumbled forward as the room went blank.\par
I groaned as I clutched frantically at the table, only just managing to\par
stay on my feet as a heavy black wave of vertigo stole my vision and\par
hijacked my limbs.\par
\ldblquote Miss, are you okay?\rdblquote  a sweet maid asked. I couldn\rquote t see her as my\par
vision remained blocked.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m fine. Just stood up too fast, that\rquote s all.\rdblquote\par
I began counting down from ten silently. By the time I hit three, my\par
vision suddenly shed the blackness, splashing colour and images onto my\par
retinas.\par
I sighed in relief.\par
Swallowing back the small wash of sickness, I smiled at the maid and\par
made my way to the double doors. I pushed them open, heading into the\par
corridor.\par
The attack had been the first one today.\par
I didn\rquote t want to admit it, but the last two days of peace locked in my\par
room had done me a world of good. I would never tell the truth to Jethro,\par
but my episodes seemed to have relaxed their lunatic need to torture me.\par
Either a mixture of my new strength or just the vacation from\par
overworking...my body had found a sustainable equilibrium.\par
For now.\par
Looking around, I frowned.\par
No one.\par
The corridor was empty with only glittering polished weapons and\par
immaculate tapestries for company.\par
Where is everyone?\par
Mr. Hawk did say I could roam free. Should I see if that was true?\par
Hesitantly, as if I expected someone to jump out from behind a suit of\par
armour and attack me, I drifted left\emdash the same direction where Jethro had\par
dragged me toward the exit and given me my one and only chance for\par
freedom.\par
Peculiarly, knowing that I\rquote d had my shot and failed granted a sense of\par
indulgent serenity. I lacked that drive to run, because I knew there would be\par
no point. As much as I wanted to escape, it took away the obligation of\par
trying to get free by knowing it was impossible.\par
I couldn\rquote t get it balanced in my head. But there it was.\par
Another truth I\rquote d been made to face\emdash another facet of myself I had to\par
come to terms with.\par
Deciding not to go outside, despite the pleasant sunlight, I turned right\par
down another corridor. Following the ribbons of pathways, I moved toward\par
the bowels of the house.\par
After a few minutes, the rumble of voices came from an ajar door.\par
I froze.\par
I didn\rquote t want to get caught doing something I wasn\rquote t supposed to, but I\par
couldn\rquote t stop my abhorrent curiosity.\par
Tiptoeing closer, I peeked inside.\par
There were two men in leather jackets, laughing as they packed guns\par
into a satchel. I leaned forward for a better vantage. Guns?\par
The floorboards creaked beneath my toes, whipping their heads up.\par
My heart sank. Kestrel and Flaw.\par
\ldblquote Nila,\rdblquote  Kes said, dropping the bag on a wingback chair. Striding\par
quickly to the door, he dragged me into the room.\par
The d\f0\'e9cor was best described as old-world comfort. A saloon of sorts\par
with glass cases full of antiquities and soaring shelves of leather-bound\par
literature. The huge windows permitted sunshine to illuminate dust motes\par
and drench the slightly faded geometric carpet.\par
My skin tingled beneath his touch.\par
I backpedalled, tugging on his hold. \ldblquote Let me go.\rdblquote\par
Kes grinned. His broad jaw, dimple in one cheek, and muscular frame\par
was so different to Jethro. Jethro was sleek, refined\f1\emdash a true diamond. Kes\par
was more of a diamond in the rough.\par
His fingers squeezed mine in welcome. \ldblquote A pleasure to see you again.\rdblquote\par
He poked his head back into the corridor. \ldblquote And wait...no brother to fight for\par
your affections?\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t untwist my tongue to reply; my mind was otherwise occupied\par
with all things deception. Kite. Is he Kite?\par
When I didn\rquote t reply, Kes let me go and moved deeper into the room.\par
Smiling, he asked, \ldblquote Exploring the place?\rdblquote\par
My heart raced at the way he watched me. Eager, interested,\par
and...inquisitively kind. The crude text messages and short temper of Kite\par
all tripped and tangled in my mind. He was such an arrogant arse via text\par
messaging, but he seemed open and...understanding in person.\par
Of course, he understands. He\rquote s been talking to you for a month. Having\par
phone sex with you. Masturbating to the messages you sent.\par
I shuddered in disgust and embarrassment.\par
It\rquote d been fun when we\rquote d had the power of anonymity. Now, faced with\par
what I\rquote d said, it was downright mortifying.\par
How can I get you to admit what I know? Correct that\emdash what I think I\par
know.\par
How could I be so sure that the tall, strong Hawk before me was Kite?\par
\ldblquote Cat got your tongue?\rdblquote  Kes cocked his head.\par
\ldblquote I think she\rquote s bowled over by your welcoming charm,\rdblquote  Flaw chuckled.\par
My attention diverted to him. To the biker who ruptured my life by\par
planting false photographs and standing by as I fell prey to a heartless\par
hellion.\par
I wanted to tell them what I really thought. I wanted to ask why they\par
were being so nice to me all of a sudden, but the only word I could catch\par
hold of was Kite.\par
Kite.\par
Kes.\par
Kite.\par
Get it together. Until you know for sure, don\rquote t let on.\par
Straightening my shoulders, I inched forward. \ldblquote No one has caught my\par
tongue, and I wouldn\rquote t kid yourself that I\rquote m speechless thanks to a welcome\par
from either of you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, she has a backbone,\rdblquote  Flaw said, grinning.\par
Kes\rquote s golden eyes, so like Jethro, Daniel, and Mr. Hawk, searched mine.\par
\ldblquote She has more than that. Her entire body is made up of steel.\rdblquote\par
My knees locked into place. I wanted to scream at him to speak the\par
truth, then strike him down for lying to me.\par
What did that mean? Some cryptic clue that he knew I knew along with\par
some vague acknowledgement that we weren\rquote t strangers? That he was\par
my...friend?\par
No, he\rquote s not my friend.\par
He\rquote s my enemy in disguise.\par
I couldn\rquote t let myself be swayed by anyone\rquote s motives.\par
Sticking my nose in the air, fully embracing an uppity heiress, I said,\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re just like the rest of them.\rdblquote\par
Kes blinked. \ldblquote Pardon?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t \lquote pardon\rquote  me. You know exactly what I\rquote m talking about.\rdblquote\par
The messages, you idiot.\par
Flaw stepped forward, looking at both of us. Standing just outside my\par
personal space, he extended his hand. \ldblquote I think we got off on the wrong foot.\par
I\rquote m Flaw. Real name\rquote s Rhys, but we never go by birth names in this place.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stop anger heating my cheeks. \ldblquote You think I wish to shake\par
your hand? The same hand that went into my room, packed up my\par
belongings, and wrote a note to my father explaining my disappearance?\rdblquote\par
Flaw held up a finger. \ldblquote Technically, that wasn\rquote t for your father but for\par
the paparazzi who followed you around. But I will take responsibility for\par
breaking into your room and packing.\rdblquote\par
The way he talked and moved reminded me a little of my brother. Both\par
were black-haired with lanky frames. A crippling pang of homesickness\par
filled me. \ldblquote Were you there?\rdblquote\par
Flaw frowned. \ldblquote There? Where there?\rdblquote\par
I balled my hands. I didn\rquote t remember him being there, but then again\par
my attention at that welcome luncheon was skewed. I\rquote d been more focused\par
on the pieces of parchment rather than tongues. \ldblquote Were you one of the ones\par
who...licked me?\rdblquote\par
Flaw had the decency to blanch. \ldblquote No. I was overseeing a shipment for\par
Jet. I heard about it, though.\rdblquote\par
I laughed coldly. \ldblquote Heard about it?\rdblquote  I shot a glower at Kes. His arms\par
were crossed, looking pensive.\par
My voice ached with defiance. \ldblquote If you\rquote ve been told details of what\par
happened, what is your opinion, from an outsider\rquote s perspective?\rdblquote\par
What are you doing?\par
The whole conversation had no point. I didn\rquote t know why I pushed it. I\par
just knew I couldn\rquote t breathe properly ensconced in a room with Kestrel. I\par
was argumentative, jumpy, and completely on edge.\par
Flaw looked at Kes, shrugging as if asking for guidance. Kes nodded,\par
chewing on the inside of his cheek, obviously just as lost as I was with\par
where I was going with this.\par
Taking a deep breath, Flaw muttered, \ldblquote I was told why they did it\emdash it\par
was an icebreaker. To remove barriers between you and the brotherhood. I\par
was told it was a onetime thing and from now on to treat you as one of us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Better than one of us,\rdblquote  Kes murmured. \ldblquote You\rquote re our guest, first and\par
foremost, and we\rquote re responsible for your wellbeing.\rdblquote\par
There were so many inconsistencies in that sentence; I didn\rquote t know\par
where to begin.\par
Didn\rquote t he get it that I wasn\rquote t a guest but a woman destined to die? I was\par
their captive!\par
Ignoring Kes for now, I glared at Flaw. \ldblquote That was the reason you were\par
told. What about what you believe? Tell me if you found it acceptable. Tell\par
me how you would feel if all of this happened to your sister or wife.\rdblquote\par
Kes sucked in a breath beside me. \ldblquote I see what you\rquote re doing, Nila.\rdblquote\par
I shuddered at the use of my first name. I\rquote d been trying so long for\par
Jethro to use it, yet his younger brother needed no such encouragement.\par
Abandoning my witch-hunt on Flaw, I turned to the man who made me\par
itch with annoyance, intrigue, and temper. \ldblquote What do you see, Kestrel?\rdblquote\par
Kes\rquote s eyes tightened; something harsh and hot flowed between us.\par
Some resemblance of the kinky, sexual man from our text messages flashed,\par
then was hidden. \ldblquote I know you\rquote re searching for validation of being debased\par
in such a way. Regardless of what you think, it wasn\rquote t sexual. Those men\par
weren\rquote t there to get off on tasting you. They were there to strip you.\rdblquote\par
I laughed. \ldblquote Well, they certainly succeeded.\rdblquote\par
I was naked and had my first orgasm in front of them. If that isn\rquote t the\par
bare essentials of any human, I don\rquote t know what is.\par
Kes continued, \ldblquote What if I told you that whole thing wasn\rquote t just about\par
you? What if I told you the men who witnessed your nakedness and were\par
privileged enough to taste you were now indebted to you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t talk to me about debts,\rdblquote  I snarled.\par
Kes inched closer, encroaching on my mental safety. \ldblquote By seeing you\par
struggle, by witnessing the power that grew in you with each round of the\par
table, you earned their respect. You earned their devotion. And you were\par
welcomed into our world with no barriers. That\rquote s what the lunch was about.\par
A power play where you gave up your power and gained theirs in return.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stand his crisp, accented voice delivering something that\par
shouldn\rquote t make sense, only for it to resonate perfectly inside.\par
Murmuring, he said, \ldblquote You can\rquote t deny you feel different. Stronger.\par
Braver. You were at your most vulnerable, but you survived.\rdblquote  Reaching up,\par
he captured the ends of my ponytail cascading over my shoulder. \ldblquote We\par
showed you your true worth, Nila Weaver, and now you\rquote ll have the strength\par
to face the future intact and not break until it\rquote s time.\rdblquote\par
My heart stuttered then died. \ldblquote You gave me all of that, just so I\par
wouldn\rquote t be broken for the Final Debt?\rdblquote\par
The cruelty. The brutality.\par
Locking eyes with me, Kes whispered, \ldblquote I give you my word. You are\par
strong enough to get through this.\rdblquote\par
The room faded until the only thing that existed was Kes and I. I didn\rquote t\par
know if it was the possibility of him being Kite that drew me to him or the\par
empathy deep in his gaze but something was undeniable. The longer we\par
stared, the more he drained me of fight and fortified me with courage.\par
\ldblquote Forgive me?\rdblquote  he whispered.\par
\ldblquote Forgive you?\rdblquote\par
My mind skipped. Was he asking for forgiveness for licking me like his\par
brothers or for deceiving me with text messages?\par
Either way, I had no willpower to offer him absolution.\par
Did I take a wrong turn somewhere? Had I entered an alternate universe\par
where I was no longer a prisoner, destined to be a plaything for bastards,\par
and somehow became an...equal?\par
Kes moved closer, his body heat making me quiver. \ldblquote I understand why\par
you can\rquote t. I was selfish for asking something you can\rquote t give.\rdblquote\par
A crashing headache squeezed my temples. \ldblquote I\emdash I don\rquote t understand\par
what\rquote s going on.\rdblquote  I flinched as the words spilled from my mouth, raining\par
confusion and vulnerability.\par
Kes didn\rquote t twitch or move away, only twirled his fingers in my hair.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll understand, soon enough.\rdblquote  Closing his eyes briefly, he released my\par
ponytail and took a step back.\par
Instantly, the real world swamped into being: sunlight, the feel of\par
luxurious carpet beneath my flip-flops, and the crackle of wood burning in\par
the large fireplace behind Flaw.\par
If this was another game orchestrated by the hellish Mr. Hawk, then\par
he\rquote d just won because Kestrel had drained me more successfully than\par
anyone. He\rquote d made me pliant and submissive. He\rquote d done what no amount\par
of fear or arguing with Jethro could achieve.\par
And that made Kestrel deadly.\par
My heart thrummed with true fear.\par
Another huge difference between the brothers: one used softness to\par
control me; the other wielded frost and fury.\par
How na\f0\'efve was I to believe Kes could ever be on my side. He was the\par
polar opposite\f1\emdash the snake in the proverbial grass\emdash just waiting for Jethro to\par
fail, so he could sink his fangs of pity into me and bring me under his spell. \par
I knew without a doubt I had to understand my enemies, and quickly,\par
before they manipulated my mind with falsities.\par
Taking a deep breath, I crossed my arms across my chest, wishing I had\par
a jacket. The chill of my conclusions stole into my blood, making me shiver\par
with trepidation.\par
What had just happened, and why did I feel as if I\rquote d lost?\par
At least with Jethro, I saw him. We were evenly matched in will and\par
temper. And we both conceded defeat with yet another challenge met head\par
on.\par
Kestrel was dangerous.\par
Treacherous.\par
Skilled in manipulation so clever, my thoughts were enamoured and I\par
had no hope of deciphering what truly occurred.\par
Flaw clapped his hands, completely dispelling the tense mood. \ldblquote I\rquote m\par
glad that\rquote s all resolved.\rdblquote\par
Moving toward the wingback where a saddlebag revealed the muzzles\par
of weapons, he plucked it off and patted the buttoned leather. \ldblquote Sit. Hang out\par
with us, if you don\rquote t have anything else to do.\rdblquote  Shooting a look at Kes, he\par
said to me, \ldblquote Can I get a maid to bring you something? Coffee, tea, a\par
snack?\rdblquote\par
I looked into his dark eyes, utterly gobsmacked. \ldblquote Is this a new strategy?\par
Commiserate with the indebted girl\emdash give her the illusion she has friends?\rdblquote\par
Flaw shook his head. \ldblquote Uh...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Everyone is to treat you with utmost civility, Nila. It isn\rquote t a trick,\rdblquote\par
Kes\rquote s deep voice rumbled.\par
Trick?\par
This was beyond a trick. It was an entire production of tricks.\par
But what could I do? Nothing. I just had to play along and hope I could\par
see the truth through the lies.\par
Flaw nodded at the door. \ldblquote You found us\emdash remember? We have nothing\par
to gain by inviting you in here and talking.\rdblquote\par
Kes said, \ldblquote He\rquote s right. We\rquote re not going to hurt you.\rdblquote\par
But you did if you\rquote re Kite. You hurt me by pretending.\par
I glared hard, hoping he\rquote d get my unspoken message.\par
Kes looked away, hiding any hint he might\rquote ve picked up on my temper.\par
Stalking toward the groaning bookshelves lining the walls of the saloon, he\par
cupped his chin, searching for something.\par
\ldblquote Ah, ha.\rdblquote  Snagging an oversized tome with tatty bindings, he brought it\par
back toward me with a twinkle in his eyes. \ldblquote I think this might interest you.\rdblquote\par
Beckoning me to take a seat, he pulled up an ottoman and sat beside the\par
empty wingback. Quirking his eyebrow, he waited for me to deliberate.\par
Should I leave or stay? Should I continue to play whatever this was or\par
go and hunt for the man who made me wet and terrified me?\par
Slowly, my feet moved toward the chair. Sinking down onto the firm\par
leather, Kes placed the heavy book into my lap. \ldblquote Relax and forget about this\par
world for a while.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t take my eyes off the literature. A large gold filigree \lquote W\rquote\par
embossed the cover with what looked like an oak tree sprouting countless\par
limbs of foliage.\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  I asked, tracing the majestic old-wealth of such a book.\par
Kes grinned, inching closer to open the first page. \ldblquote It\rquote s your history.\rdblquote\par
My heart thrummed as his bulk seared my left side. My eyes devoured\par
the beautifully scripted calligraphy.\par
\ldblquote Every Weaver woman who\rquote s stayed with us has made notes and shared\par
her journey, along with patterns and fashions created while living with us.\rdblquote\par
He gently flipped a page, where faint sketches decorated along with the\par
signature of one of my ancestors. Notes scribbled about what sort of fabric\par
to source, along with diary-like entries of what life was like living in the\par
nest of Hawks.\par
My hands shook. Leaning over, I couldn\rquote t read fast enough.\par
Today was a good day. Bonnie had the chiffon I requested delivered,\par
and I spent the afternoon in her chambers, creating a new crinoline evening\par
gown. She\rquote s a surly old bat, but when you get to know her...\par
The next paragraph had been scribbled out, so dark and determined, I\par
had no hope of reading what was written. It continued:\par
The passion to create had disappeared. I lived in a void with no urge to\par
sketch or pin or sew. I hate that I\rquote ve found that passion here of all places,\par
but at least...\par
As much as I do not wish to admit\emdash I\rquote m happy.\par
My eyes shot up to Kestrel\rquote s. \ldblquote You\rquote re trying to prove that my family\par
were content with their imprisonment?\rdblquote  My heart froze over at such\par
atrocities. But how could I deny it when it was in black and white?\par
Kes smiled softly. \ldblquote Happiness comes in many forms: sex, freedom,\par
control. I think everyone has the capacity to find happiness in even the\par
darkest of places.\rdblquote\par
Grabbing the majority of the pages, he flipped them over, revealing\par
unmarred parchment.\par
Chills scattered down my back.\par
It\rquote s for me.\par
It\rquote s been waiting for me to fill with my journey.\par
\ldblquote This is yours, Nila. If there aren\rquote t enough blank pages, we\rquote ll have a\par
book binder add more.\rdblquote  With gentle fingertips, he tucked a loose piece of\par
hair behind my ear.\par
I jolted from his touch, my emotions going haywire.\par
\ldblquote This is the first gift of many. You\rquote ll see.\rdblquote\par
My eyes locked with his; a ball lodged in my throat.\par
Awareness sparked between us; my lips parted as I sucked in a breath.\par
Kes looked at me the exact same way Jethro had after our fight in the forest,\par
after he\rquote d blown down my throat, after I\rquote d won. That same awe, same\par
secretive amazement, now blazed in his brother\rquote s gaze.\par
Words deserted me as I fell into his soul, allowing him to spellbind me,\par
despite everything that he was. \par
I gasped as his fingers clasped mine, squeezing hard. Dropping his\par
voice to a soft whisper, he said, \ldblquote Whatever you think of my family, don\rquote t let\par
it taint what you think of me.\rdblquote  Waving with his free hand, he continued,\par
\ldblquote These are my quarters. My bedroom is off this saloon. If it ever gets to be\par
too much, if my brother ever goes too far, you\rquote re welcome to find sanctuary\par
here.\rdblquote\par
Bowing his head, energy and connection poured from him. \ldblquote You\rquote re\par
always welcome.\rdblquote\par
My heart hurled itself against my ribcage, bruising itself in its urge to\par
flee or perhaps surrender to the perfectly delivered offer of kinship. \par
I froze as he cupped my chin. My skin twinged as he held me firm.\par
\ldblquote Now, Nila Weaver, read. Forget us, and spend time with your true family.\rdblquote\f0\par
Jethro.\par
THREE FUCKING HOURS, I looked for her.\par
I hunted through Hawksridge Hall, opened doors into rooms I never\par
wanted to step foot into ever again, and stalked down corridors I\rquote d long\par
since forgotten about as I never explored that part of the house.\par
I bumped into Diamond Brothers and got caught up in a strategy\par
meeting for the next shipment arriving in three days, but no matter how\par
many bedrooms, bathrooms, and lounges I searched, I found nothing.\par
Nothing!\par
Had she run again? Could she be that fucking stupid to try and escape\par
after I\rquote d proven how useless that was?\par
Damn my father for dismissing us.\par
The moment I\rquote d stepped outside the dining room, Kes had requested my\par
help on a matter. Seeing as he was the only person I had time for, I\par
reluctantly followed, even though I wanted to wait till Cut had finished with\par
Nila. I fucking hated her being alone with him. My knuckles ached from\par
fisting so hard, and I didn\rquote t know how I would survive when the time came\par
to share.\par
I\rquote d go fucking insane.\par
I\rquote d have to make sure all loaded ammunition was barred from the house,\par
so I didn\rquote t end up slaughtering my entire family.\par
Nila Weaver was mine, goddammit. I didn\rquote t want anyone talking,\par
touching, or twisting her thoughts without my permission.\par
Calm the fuck down.\par
I slammed to a stop in the middle of a corridor. If I bumped into Cut in\par
this state, he\rquote d know I wasn\rquote t coping. He\rquote d take me so damn low, I\par
wouldn\rquote t stand a chance of climbing out of the glacier so fast.\par
You shouldn\rquote t be thawing so quickly.\par
I agreed with my internal logic. I shouldn\rquote t be feeling this type of\par
emotion. I shouldn\rquote t be letting my feelings get the better of me.\par
Breathing hard through my nose, I locked my jaw and recited the same\par
thing I did every day, ten times a day, twenty even\f1\emdash all to remind myself of\par
who I was meant to be and hide who I truly was. \par
My lips moved as I let the words trickle silently in my mind.\par
I\rquote m a shadow lurking in plain sight.\par
A predator in sheep\rquote s clothing.\par
I prey on the weak with no apology.\par
I hide my true temper beneath a veil of decorum.\par
I\rquote ve mastered the art of suave.\par
I\rquote m a gentleman. Distinguished, accomplished, and shrewd.\par
I\rquote m all of those things but none of them.\par
Rules and laws don\rquote t apply to me.\par
I\rquote m a rule-breaker, curse-maker, life-stealer.\par
The minute I\rquote d finished, my hands balled, and the devil\rquote s advocate\par
whispered in my ear.\par
You\rquote re lying. It\rquote s a farce.\par
Clenching my jaw, I forced my heart rate to calm and for the ice to take\par
me hostage. Repeating the mantra, I slowly fell under its hypnosis. My back\par
relaxed, the knots in my muscles unthreading. My sweaty palms went paper\par
dry and cold, while my face turned slack with uncaring.\par
Finally.\par
The calmness siphoning through my veins was welcome, turning\par
everything frigid and controllable in its path.\par
Everything about my life since I was fifteen fucking years old was a\par
carefully designed and executed illusion.\par
Up till now, I\rquote d survived.\par
I\rquote d buried the true me beneath a man so cold and perfect\emdash even I\par
believed\emdash most of the time.\par
But every now and again, a hairline fracture would show in my glacier\par
shell.\par
And my father would notice.\par
And he would...\lquote fix\rquote  me.\par
Until I was old enough to fix myself, of course.\par
Which I\rquote d done only the night before, so why was I having such\par
difficulty now?\par
The thawing had happened too fast. Normally, I could pass a few weeks,\par
sometimes more, before I ever needed to be fixed. But Nila Weaver was the\par
sun upon my ice, turning me into a river that wanted to flow and change\par
and grow. Not freeze and remain forever unmovable.\par
There was only one course of action to get through her invasion into my\par
senses and survive her stay with us. I just didn\rquote t know if I had the strength\par
to do it.\par
Shaking away that terrible thought, I prowled forward.\par
The sounds of men came and went as I passed rooms, and scents of\par
fresh baking from the kitchens made my mouth water.\par
I almost walked right past her as I moved through the house lost in my\par
thoughts. The sounds of conversation muted my attention, and if it hadn\rquote t\par
have been for the strangest sound imaginable, I would\rquote ve strode right by.\par
I slammed to a halt outside my brother\rquote s room.\par
Outside my brother\rquote s room.\par
The abominable sound came again.\par
Laughter.\par
Feminine laughter.\par
Nila\rquote s laughter.\par
And it wasn\rquote t cynical or full of contempt\emdash it was light-hearted and\par
relaxed.\par
The lyrical sound twisted my heart, turning my self-pity into fucking\par
rage. I barged into Kestrel\rquote s apartment wing with no knock, no request, and\par
slammed to a halt.\par
Flaw, Kes, and Nila sat in a grouping of wingbacks, smiling and sharing\par
a good old fucking laugh.\par
What. The. Fuck?\par
Kes looked up, his mouth spread into a broad smile. \ldblquote Jet! Nice of you to\par
join us.\rdblquote  His tone was a direct contradiction to his welcome.\par
I narrowed my eyes, trying to understand how my brother\emdash my one ally\par
who knew the truth about me\emdash was antagonising me to the point of ruining\par
everything. What was his deal?\par
I stupidly felt betrayed\emdash worse than betrayed\emdash provoked.\par
Nila\rquote s laugh cut off as she sat straighter in her chair. Her cheeks were\par
flushed, annoyance at my interruption bright in her dark eyes.\par
She had the gall to be annoyed at me? When she belonged to me?\par
Flaw had the decency to stand. \ldblquote Eh, I think I better go check on the...\rdblquote\par
Clearing his throat, he moved away from the small group. \ldblquote Catch you guys\par
later.\rdblquote\par
With a sideways look at me, he disappeared through the door, shutting it\par
behind him.\par
The moment he\rquote d gone, I seethed, \ldblquote Care to explain what\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\par
Kes stood up. \ldblquote Calm down and no, I don\rquote t. You don\rquote t have to\par
understand everything, Jet.\rdblquote  Throwing a quick grin at Nila, he asked,\par
\ldblquote Unless you\rquote d care to tell my brother what\rquote s so funny?\rdblquote\par
Nila stared at me coldly. A second ticked past, then another, her temper\par
shooting me cleanly through the chest.\par
\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  My heart pounded, once again shrugging out of the frosty\par
shield in favour of rage.\par
Finally, she shook her head. \ldblquote No. I don\rquote t think he deserves to know.\rdblquote\par
Okay...that was just plain rude.\par
Kes snickered. \ldblquote Fair enough.\rdblquote\par
My teeth almost cracked from clenching. Why had I been worried about\par
what I was about to do to her? She made me believe she cared\emdash just a little\par
\emdash about me. She\rquote d sucked me off for Christ\rquote s sake. She\rquote d asked me to fuck\par
her. She was attracted to me. I knew that.\par
Just like I was attracted to her.\par
So much.\par
Too much.\par
I was beyond fucking ready to slam inside her wet heat and finally show\par
her the truth. That no matter her birth-right or mine, we were equals. And\par
I\rquote d never met anyone as challenging or intriguing.\par
But she\rquote d manipulated me.\par
She\rquote d used me, not once, but more times than I knew. All along I\rquote d been\par
fighting for the right to gain her trust, only for her to give it to my bloody\par
brother.\par
Damn woman. Damn Weaver Whore.\par
Snapping my fingers, I hissed, \ldblquote You\rquote ve had your fun. Congratulations\par
on winning once again, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  Pointing at the ground by my shoes, I\par
ordered coldly, \ldblquote Come. It\rquote s time. You\rquote ve wasted my day hiding. Now it\rquote s\par
time to get this over with.\rdblquote\par
Nila tilted her chin insolently. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t know we were fighting for\par
something. Why exactly did I win?\rdblquote\par
Goddammit.\par
Ignoring her question, I repeated. \ldblquote Come. Now.\rdblquote\par
Kes crossed his arms, watching us as if we were his favourite volleyball\par
match.\par
Nila rose gracefully from her seat. In her hands, she held the Weaver\par
journal, which she stroked reverently, before transferring it from her lap and\par
onto the chair she\rquote d just vacated. Her actions were stiff, back ramrod\par
straight. \ldblquote Whatever you believe, I wasn\rquote t hiding, Jethro. Merely finding\par
friends in the unlikely of places.\rdblquote\par
I froze as she moved toward Kestrel.\par
He opened his arms.\par
She walked into his embrace.\par
She walked into his fucking embrace.\par
I couldn\rquote t understand.\par
I didn\rquote t want to understand.\par
She prefers him over you, idiot. She can see you\rquote re different. She can\par
sense you\rquote re screwed up.\par
The hug lasted far longer than my tolerance level. Who was I kidding\emdash\par
I had no tolerance level.\par
Kes was mine, and Nila was mine. They both belonged to me. They had\par
no right to gang up against me.\par
\ldblquote Kes...\rdblquote  I immediately snapped my lips together. I refused to be weak\par
and ask him what the hell this meant. Instead, I embraced vulgarity. \ldblquote I\par
wouldn\rquote t get close to her, brother. Never know where her mouth has been.\rdblquote\par
My tone was a viper ready to strike.\par
Kestrel let Nila go, eyeing me coldly. \ldblquote If it\rquote s been anywhere on you,\par
then I can guess. But you\rquote re forgetting, brother, I\rquote m not the one with\par
sharing issues. Am I?\rdblquote\par
My mouth fell open. A pain shot deep inside my heart. In our entire\par
lifetime together, he\rquote d never provoked me that way. Never brought up\par
something so painful or the crux of my whole issue.\par
\ldblquote Fuck you,\rdblquote  I growled.\par
Kes\rquote s eyes tightened, finally showing some sign of regret. Bastard.\par
Nila looked between us silently, crackling with energy. No doubt this\par
family drama was hugely amusing to her. I never wanted her to see me like\par
this. What was this? Had Kestrel finally had enough of being second best to\par
the firstborn son, or had he seen something he truly wanted in Nila?\par
Either way, it didn\rquote t matter. He couldn\rquote t have her. No one could.\par
\ldblquote Jet, let\rquote s forget it, okay?\rdblquote  Holding up his hands, he added, \ldblquote Bygones,\par
yeah?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bygones? What the hell are you doing?\rdblquote\par
Kes shook his head. \ldblquote We\rquote ll talk about it later. Right now, you have\par
things to do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Things like extract a debt from me?\rdblquote  Nila snapped.\par
My attention flew to her, just in time to see her topple sideways as one\par
of her stupid episodes rendered her incompetent.\par
\ldblquote Shit.\rdblquote  Kes ducked at inhuman speed, catching her before she hit the\par
ground.\par
My stomach twisted with jealousy.\par
Moaning, Nila crumbled into Kes\rquote s arms.\par
\ldblquote You all right?\rdblquote  Kes slowly guided her onto her feet.\par
That\emdash right there. That was the true difference between my brother and\par
me. He caught those who needed to be caught, while I stood by and\par
watched. The memory of Nila falling to the parking garage floor at the\par
Milan airport showed me just how true that statement was.\par
I have no choice.\par
Empathy and softness weren\rquote t permitted. They were the root of all evil\par
for a person like me.\par
Taking a deep breath, Nila pushed Kes gently. \ldblquote I\rquote m fine. Thanks for\par
your help.\rdblquote\par
Kes nodded, shoving his hands into his jeans pockets. \ldblquote You\rquote re welcome.\par
You should probably have that looked at.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not a disease,\rdblquote  I jumped in. \ldblquote Besides, she\rquote s better than when I first\par
collected her.\rdblquote\par
Nila\rquote s cheeks blazed with colour. She wobbled a little as another wave\par
hit her. \ldblquote Do you know why that is? I was thinking about it before actually.\rdblquote\par
No one spoke, waiting for her to continue.\par
\ldblquote I get them when I\rquote m stressed. I probably suffered five or six a day\par
when I was working so hard and presenting my new season to buyers and\par
reporters. And yet, here...I only seem to suffer them around you.\rdblquote  Cocking\par
her head, she placed her fists on her hips. \ldblquote What does that tell you, Jethro?\rdblquote\par
What did it tell me? Apart from the fact she was weak-minded and\par
needed professional help for a counter imbalance? \ldblquote That I stress you out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Exactly.\rdblquote\par
Another wave crippled her. Kes was the convenient arsehole who\par
captured her elbow giving her an anchor. \ldblquote There you go again. You okay?\rdblquote\par
She nodded, rubbing her temples. \ldblquote Sorry. Damn vertigo. Can\rquote t control\par
it.\rdblquote\par
Kes smiled, his body curved into hers. \ldblquote Don\rquote t apologise. We all have\par
flaws, and sometimes they\rquote re not something we have the power to change.\rdblquote\par
He\rquote s talking about me again. Fuckwit.\par
Nila\rquote s lips popped open, her eyes searching his. \ldblquote You\rquote re nothing like\par
your phone messages.\rdblquote\par
My muscles instantly locked.\par
Her voice was barely a whisper. I wouldn\rquote t have caught it unless my\par
ears weren\rquote t already straining for every nuance in her tone.\par
She knows. \par
Kes cocked his head, his eyes blocking all clues and answers. Laughing\par
self-consciously, he quickly pressed a kiss on her cheek and released her. \ldblquote If\par
that\rquote s a good thing, I\rquote ll take the credit.\rdblquote\par
That\rquote s it.\par
I was fucking done.\par
Stalking forward, I plucked Nila from the carpet and threw her over my\par
shoulder. Kes\rquote s mouth fell open. \ldblquote Um...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t say another word, brother.\rdblquote  I transmitted everything I couldn\rquote t\par
say with one glare. \ldblquote Stay out of this. All of it.\rdblquote\par
Nila squealed, hitting my back with tiny fists. \ldblquote Put me down, you\par
arsehole.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No chance,\rdblquote  I growled. \ldblquote I\rquote m not letting you go until I have you exactly\par
where I want you.\rdblquote\par
Preferably naked with my cock driving between your legs.\par
But because I was the perfect son, I would have to save that for another\par
day.\par
There was a small matter of a debt. A debt that had to be repaid before\par
the day turned into dusk\emdash for no other reason but tradition. We\rquote d run out of\par
time.\par
Kes stared at me, his eyes waging with an apology and confrontation. If\par
Nila wasn\rquote t here, I had no doubt we\rquote d either pummel each other or have the\par
deepest, longest conversation of our lives. This one incident had brought\par
everything we\rquote d avoided to a head.\par
Kes and I were friends\emdash more than I could say for the rest of the people\par
inside this house\emdash but despite our friendship, there was still a thick rivalry\par
between us. Not just because of primogeniture and the fact I would inherit\par
everything, but because we\rquote d both been hurt by the same incident in our\par
pasts.\par
We just dealt with it differently.\par
He\rquote d played a good game where Nila was concerned. A game I\rquote d never\par
been able to master\emdash the art of wielding kindness. My kindness came with\par
too many conditions and more pain than if I remained cruel. But Kes, he\par
was...better than me.\par
I knew the real him. And despite my agony at him wanting Nila\rquote s\par
attention, he was a good guy.\par
Silently, he raised a finger, pointing it in my face. Nila couldn\rquote t see him\par
as he mouthed, \ldblquote I know it\rquote s not working. We need to find other methods.\rdblquote\par
Shit, if he could see, Cut wouldn\rquote t be too far behind.\par
\ldblquote Dammit, Jethro, put me down.\rdblquote  Nila hammered on my lower back.\par
Ignoring her, I shifted her higher over my shoulder and nodded once.\par
Then I put every worry and thought in the vault deep inside me and\par
lashed the chains tight. I had work to do.\par
Not giving Kes the satisfaction of seeing me ruffled, I spun around and\par
left without a word with my prize slung over my shoulder.\par
\ldblquote Let me go!\rdblquote  Nila continued to pummel my back with every step.\par
\ldblquote I won\rquote t put you down until we get there. I\rquote ve wasted three hours of my\par
life wondering where you were. I\rquote m not going to release you just so you can\par
escape again.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve already solved the \lquote what if I ran game.\rquote  I know you\rquote d hunt me\par
down. I wouldn\rquote t waste the energy trying to escape.\rdblquote\par
I grunted. \ldblquote At least you\rquote ve learned one thing that\rquote s valuable.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve learned a lot more than that,\rdblquote  she muttered quietly.\par
Yes, like who Kite  is.\par
My arm squeezed tighter around her. Bloody brother. The minute I had\par
time, I would confront him with all the shit he\rquote d caused.\par
Swallowing hard, I forced myself to slip back into the ice and embrace\par
everything that I ought to be.\par
I had a debt to extract.\par
This was what was expected of me.\par
And I meant to do it fucking well.\par
It didn\rquote t take long to arrive in the room where the First Debt would take\par
place.\par
Tradition dictated where each one was to be carried out. And this one\par
was the nicest location of them all.\par
As the debts progressed, witnesses would be called, but as this was the\par
first, it was just me and Nila. Blessed silence and no critical eyes on my\par
deliverance. Only the hidden video camera would document everything and\par
go on file.\par
Entering the solarium, I locked the large glass doors and pocketed the\par
key before gripping Nila\rquote s waist and placing her on the ground. She\par
immediately stepped backward, her chest heaving with fear.\par
If she passed out again, my brother wasn\rquote t there to catch her. She\rquote d fall,\par
and I\rquote d use her unconsciousness to place her exactly where she was needed.\par
\ldblquote Where have you brought me?\rdblquote  She glanced around the space, taking in\par
the palm trees, exotic ferns, orchids, and soaring three-story glass roof. The\par
room was big, shaped like an octagon, made entirely from glass. It was hot,\par
humid, and stuffy.\par
Perfect for being naked and encouraging skin to flush. To react to\par
something painful and bloom.\par
\ldblquote Be grateful it\rquote s not the dungeon or the ballroom\emdash both of those will be\par
used, and both will be a far sight worse than this.\rdblquote\par
Nila swallowed, the column of muscle of her throat contracting with\par
nervousness. \ldblquote You really are insane.\rdblquote\par
I stepped forward, secretly pleased when she reeled backward. After\par
spending time in my brother\rquote s company, she had to remember who she truly\par
liked. As much as she\rquote d vehemently deny it, she enjoyed sparring with me.\par
And fuck, I enjoyed it, too.\par
\ldblquote Mental health, Ms. Weaver. Need I remind you I\rquote m in perfect\par
capacity?\rdblquote\par
Her head swivelled to a large post in the centre of the room. It was used\par
mainly for fern seedlings and vines, before being replanted once their root\par
system was strong enough. I wasn\rquote t a gardener, but my grandmother often\par
brought me and my sister in here to teach us about decorum and what was\par
expected of us. She\rquote d prattle on, all while tending to her beloved greenery.\par
Nila drifted forward, noticing what was hidden amongst the cleaned\par
post and silk flowers that were there purely for morbid decoration.\par
Cuffs were chained to the top of the post, dangling down the sides.\par
There was a winch and pulley so as to tighten the length of chain. It was\par
simple, entirely in keeping with how they would\rquote ve used a whipping post\par
six-hundred-years ago.\par
She shook her head, swivelling to face me. \ldblquote Whatever you\rquote re about to\par
do, stop.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stop?\rdblquote  As if I have a choice. Smile for the cameras. We\rquote re both on\par
show.\par
\ldblquote Yes. Just\emdash find that morality I know is inside you. Show some\par
compassion, for God\rquote s sake.\rdblquote  She staggered to the side, another small\par
vertigo spell.\par
I\rquote d hated her weakness before, but now it could be used as an aid.\par
Whenever she stumbled or fell, it meant I was getting to her. It meant I\rquote d\par
made my way beneath her skin and stressed her just enough for her mind to\par
try and flee.\par
It was a symbol of power over her.\par
I liked it more than I should.\par
\ldblquote Compassion isn\rquote t in my repertoire, Ms. Weaver. I have no remorse, no\par
pity. The unnecessary emotion of affinity for victims is the worst kind of\par
betrayal.\rdblquote  My father\rquote s words came out smoothly, stroking my raw nerves,\par
granting a strange kind of peace.\par
\ldblquote You can sprout bullshit all you want, but no matter your lies, you feel,\par
Jethro. You felt something for me in the forest. You felt something for me\par
when your brother held me in his arms. And if you can\rquote t see that, then I feel\par
sorry for you.\rdblquote\par
I prowled forward, chasing her slowly around the post like a hawk\par
chases a sparrow. \ldblquote You\rquote re mistaken. I\rquote ve told you on numerous occasions\emdash\par
please me, and you\rquote ll be rewarded. You pleased me by making me come,\par
and you pleased me by showing how affected and scared of me you truly\par
are by seeking comfort from my brother. Both will be rewarded.\rdblquote\par
I hoped to God she didn\rquote t hear my lies.\par
She stopped moving, holding her ground. \ldblquote Fine. Have it your way. Your\par
father repeated what you told me about the varying degree of each debt.\par
This whole thing is completely ludicrous, but I\rquote m done playing your game.\rdblquote\par
I cocked my head. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t a game.\rdblquote\par
She sneered. \ldblquote It\rquote s the worst game of all, don\rquote t kid yourself.\rdblquote  Spreading\par
her stance and opening her arms wide, she murmured, \ldblquote Do your worst,\par
Jethro Hawk. I\rquote m ready to pay your First Debt.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
I WANTED TO hyperventilate; my heart winged with such terror.\par
But I wouldn\rquote t give him the satisfaction. He already knew he affected\par
me by my stupid vertigo spells. He didn\rquote t need to know the complex fear\par
and fascination bubbling in my blood.\par
Why hadn\rquote t I seen it sooner? Why hadn\rquote t I seen past what he projected\par
and looked deeper into his golden eyes? He was so tangled up in what he\par
thought he was, he had no clue what he might be.\par
And that was a pitiful shame, not to mention dangerous for all involved.\par
I could predict how he would react, based on what values he pretended to\par
follow, but he could easily snap and do something completely the opposite.\par
Damn man.\par
Damn Hawk.\par
Jethro lowered his chin, glaring at me from beneath his brow. His hands\par
opened and closed by his thighs. \ldblquote You\rquote re ready to pay the First Debt? Just\par
like that?\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote No point in dragging it out. I want it over with.\rdblquote\par
Something flashed over his face, but he didn\rquote t retaliate. Instead, he\par
gritted his teeth and moved toward the post in the centre of the octagonal\par
greenhouse.\par
My vision wouldn\rquote t stop hazing in and out, tugging on the strings of my\par
brain, threatening to throw me into the wall or shove me to the ground.\par
This is the First Debt.\par
Mr. Hawk\rquote s and Jethro\rquote s words echoed in my head. The debts start off\par
easy. It was the later ones I had to worry about. The ones I didn\rquote t know of.\par
The ones that would ultimately deliver my head.\par
Don\rquote t think about that.\par
I turned my mind to Kestrel and the surprising kinship I\rquote d begun to feel,\par
before Jethro rudely stole me away. For almost three hours, I\rquote d found\par
something I didn\rquote t think I\rquote d ever find\f1\emdash in my old life or new.\par
A friend.\par
Kes had been witty and kind, sharing anecdotes of his childhood,\par
Jethro\rquote s childhood, and even some details he remembered of my mother.\par
For some reason, having him talk about her didn\rquote t upset me nearly as much\par
as hearing it from Jethro or his father.\par
I knew I had to stay on my guard after what Cut had said: I\rquote m to be\par
treated with kindness and compassion. I could easily fall into the trap of\par
thinking their concern was genuine. But...if Kes was Kite, we had a\par
connection that went past family obligations.\par
Don\rquote t we?\par
Regardless, we\rquote d spent a couple of hours sharing things that\rquote d\par
transported me away from Hawksridge Hall and to a place filled with\par
softness. A connection formed, dusting my tummy with tentative bubbles of\par
attraction.\par
He was nice...despite my healthy suspicion of his motives.\par
But one thing niggled me.\par
One thing I hadn\rquote t been able to figure out.\par
He was completely different from the man who cursed and acted so\par
crude via text messages. His arrogant way of demanding sexual\par
gratification when not face-to-face was a direct contradiction to his\par
kindness in person.\par
It didn\rquote t make sense\emdash almost as if he had split personas\emdash once again\par
proving my theory that all Hawks were daft.\par
\ldblquote What did my father tell you?\rdblquote  Jethro asked.\par
I blinked, forcing myself to pay attention to the mad man currently\par
circling me like a vulture. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
Jethro balled his hands. \ldblquote When he kept you back, what did he say?\rdblquote\par
I shrugged. \ldblquote Same thing as you. I learned nothing new.\rdblquote  The way he\par
watched me hinted that he had secrets he didn\rquote t want spilled. Narrowing my\par
eyes, I asked, \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
He shook his head. \ldblquote No reason.\rdblquote  Clearing his throat, he added, \ldblquote So, you\par
were told you\rquote re now the obedient family dog, correct? To be treated kindly\par
and receive everything you want.\rdblquote\par
My heart squeezed. Anger flowed thick and cloying. \ldblquote Something like\par
that.\rdblquote  And just like a mistreated pet, I\rquote ll shred the fingers that feed me.\par
Jethro huffed, returning to the post again. With competent hands, he\par
tugged on the hanging cuffs and kicked something covered by a towel at the\par
foot of the wooden structure.\par
His eyes locked on mine. \ldblquote Tell me, Ms. Weaver. Are you sure you\rquote re\par
ready?\rdblquote\par
My heart bucked into panic mode. I\rquote d taunted him and said I was, but\par
now faced with willingly handing myself over and letting him do whatever\par
he wanted, it was entirely different.\par
When I didn\rquote t move, he murmured, \ldblquote No tears. No screams. Own this\par
just like my ancestors did when it was done to them.\rdblquote\par
The Debt Inheritance came back to mind. What had my family done that\par
was so heinous that it called for such horrendous payback?\par
Swallowing hard, I inched closer to the post. \ldblquote I need to understand\par
why.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote   His forehead furrowed. \ldblquote Where exactly is the fun in that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fun?\rdblquote  Oh, my God, he would enjoy this? What did you expect? I\par
supposed I kept seeing the man who was human beneath the icy robot. It led\par
me to false conclusions, which Jethro seemed to love to smash.\par
\ldblquote I suppose that is the wrong word.\rdblquote  Jethro stilled, his eyes filling with\par
things I couldn\rquote t decipher. He stood still for a long moment, before visibly\par
shaking off whatever held him hostage. \ldblquote Come here. Let\rquote s begin.\rdblquote\par
My stomach fell into my toes. Making me come on my own made all of\par
this worse. I was the sacrificial lamb willingly walking toward the pyre.\par
Goosebumps broke out over my body as my feet whispered slowly\par
toward Jethro.\par
He sucked in a breath.\par
The air went from humid to sharp with awareness. I hated that he had\par
the power to tingle my skin and twist my belly. It wasn\rquote t fair. It wasn\rquote t right\par
that I found him so attractive when I ought to be abhorred.\par
My eyes fell on the cuffs dangling between fake flowers. I didn\rquote t need\par
to ask what he had planned. It was obvious, and I wouldn\rquote t give him the\par
enjoyment of dragging out the suspense and toying with me.\par
Gritting my jaw, I pressed closer, holding my wrists up to the leather\par
cuffs.\par
Jethro quirked an eyebrow, his tongue darting out to lick his bottom lip.\par
\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
Gathering as much courage as I had, and hoping to God my vertigo\par
would stay away, I smiled diabeticly sweet. \ldblquote The cuffs are obviously there\par
for a reason; I\rquote m just saving you the trouble of instructing me.\rdblquote\par
Silence fell, rippling around us.\par
His jaw worked. \ldblquote Just like smugness, cockiness is not becoming on you,\par
Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  Leaning forward, his torso turned the already sharp\par
awareness into biting attraction. His scent of woods and leather enveloped\par
me. Against my wishes, my stomach clenched, and I breathed deeply.\par
His nostrils flared, but he didn\rquote t say another word as his strong, cold\par
fingers latched around my wrist, tugging it higher to wrap the supple cuff\par
around me.\par
The chemistry between us\emdash or was it just blind hate\emdash crackled and\par
fizzed, sending the hair on the back of my neck bristling.\par
I couldn\rquote t deny I was drawn to Kes\emdash partly because I thought he was\par
Kite and partly because he had an ease about him, a generosity that made\par
me want to know more\emdash but it was nothing, nothing, compared to the fierce\par
hunger I felt when Jethro touched me.\par
His lips parted as he buckled the cuff. Refusing to make eye contact, he\par
remained focused as he cinched it tight.\par
Moving stiffly, he captured my other wrist.\par
A small gasp fell from my lips as his fingers kissed the paper-thin skin.\par
His eyes held me hostage. The golden brown was now a swirling bronze,\par
raging with the same demanding hunger I knew reflected in mine.\par
\ldblquote This sort of reminds me of the forest,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote The trees around\par
us\emdash no one else.\rdblquote  My words fell like petals, waiting for Jethro to crush\par
them beneath his glossy shoe.\par
But...he didn\rquote t.\par
Tracing one hand from my wrist, along the inside of my arm, and right\par
to my throat, he fisted my ponytail. With intensity that stripped my soul to\par
the very essence of who I was, he pulled my head back slowly, sensually,\par
full of sexual power.\par
His eyes dropped to my mouth. \ldblquote I\rquote ll let you in on a little secret, Ms.\par
Weaver.\rdblquote\par
I panted, my neck straining against his hold, but I made no move to\par
break the poignant awareness.\par
\ldblquote You won that night, but I lied when I said it pissed me off.\rdblquote  His mouth\par
dropped, his tongue licked my bottom lip with the barest of grazes. \ldblquote I\rquote ve\par
never enjoyed coming in someone\rquote s mouth as much as I did in yours.\rdblquote  He\par
licked me again, quaking my frame. \ldblquote In fact, I would willingly let you win\par
again, if I received the same ball-shattering release.\rdblquote\par
My lips begged to connect with his. This single-minded lust between us\par
was sacred. The only place where we were both equal, and heritage had no\par
authority. I\rquote d made a promise to use sex against him, but now I added to my\par
promise.\par
I will use him to make me stronger, better\emdash invincible.\par
I wanted to become a woman whose arsenal included lust and\par
sensuality, regardless of my slight frame and inexperience.\par
\ldblquote Kiss me,\rdblquote  I murmured, tugging my hair gently in his hold.\par
Jethro shook his head, his fingers tightening around my ponytail.\par
Tracing the tip of his tongue once more on my bottom lip, he whispered, \ldblquote I\par
don\rquote t kiss my enemies.\rdblquote\par
My heart became an inferno, sending flames blazing with every beat.\par
\ldblquote You just fuck them?\rdblquote\par
His mouth twitched into a roguish smile. \ldblquote Only if they beg.\rdblquote\par
His body pressed against mine, his thigh going purposely between my\par
legs.\par
My eyes snapped closed as he rocked against my throbbing clit. \ldblquote Would\par
you beg, Ms. Weaver? How hot and frustrated do I have to make you before\par
you\rquote ll beg me to drive my cock inside you?\rdblquote\par
My brain spasmed at the thought. The answer? Not long. I would beg\par
right now if it meant he would forget about the debt and take me back to his\par
room. I wanted to see where he slept. I wanted to infiltrate the home ground\par
of my opponent and undermine him right at the source.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re all talk. You won\rquote t even kiss me, let alone fuck me.\rdblquote\par
Jethro yanked my head back. Pain shot down my spine. \ldblquote How wrong\par
you are, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  Then a vindictive smile replaced the black desire.\par
\ldblquote Very clever, though, I must admit.\rdblquote\par
I blinked, trying to dispel the fog of lust and keep up with him. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
His thigh slid out from between my legs; his fingers untwined from my\par
hair. \ldblquote Very clever to make me focus on other things than the true reason of\par
why we\rquote re here.\rdblquote  Stepping back and sucking in a deep breath, he dragged a\par
hand through his hair. \ldblquote You keep on surprising me, and I keep on despising\par
what you show me.\rdblquote\par
I laughed tightly. \ldblquote Doesn\rquote t look like you despise me.\rdblquote  I cocked my chin\par
at the straining erection in his trousers. \ldblquote I think you like me, and despite\par
what you\rquote re going to do and who you are, I still find you attractive.\rdblquote\par
And believe me, if I had a cure for that insanity, I\rquote d take it without\par
hesitation.\par
Cruelly, he snatched my free wrist, wrapping the remaining cuff tightly.\par
Quickly securing the buckle, he muttered, \ldblquote The way you threw yourself into\par
my brother\rquote s arms hints you might have a desire for all Hawks.\rdblquote  His breath\par
was hot in my ear as he spun me to face the post. \ldblquote You\rquote re just a conniving\par
manipulator.\rdblquote\par
I cried out as he disappeared behind the post and hoisted my arms high\par
with the aid of a hidden winch. Another jerk and my wrists burned in the\par
supple leather. My torso smashed against the damp wood as my body\par
weight transferred from my toes to my arms.\par
\ldblquote How does that feel?\rdblquote  Jethro asked, coming back around.\par
My shoulders screamed; my blood throbbed with effort to reach my\par
raised fingertips. I dangled with no chance at escape.\par
How does it feel?\par
It fucking hurt! It made my previous thoughts of lust seem ridiculous.\par
All concepts of seducing him disappeared. I only wanted this over fast,\par
so I could admit defeat and lick my wounds in private.\par
\ldblquote I asked you a question,\rdblquote  Jethro growled, his hand stroking my spine.\par
I flinched at his touch. It was sacrilegious, because even now it still\par
made my core clench with want. \ldblquote It hurts. Is that what you want to hear?\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s torso pressed against my back, squashing my cheek against the\par
damp wood of the post. The crispness of plants and the musky scent of\par
earth overpowered his smell, giving me a welcome reprieve from the man\par
who drove me mad.\par
\ldblquote You look rather tempting like this, Ms. Weaver. Perhaps it will be me\par
begging before this is done.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stop my skin shivering with awareness or my heart seizing\par
with anxiety and desire. \par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t touch me,\rdblquote  I hissed.\par
With a small laugh, he pushed away, ceasing contact.\par
I twisted my neck, never letting him from my sight. I hated having him\par
so close. I hated that I had no power to stop him. I hated how he stood\par
there, wrapped in silence, watching me like some mystery he had yet to\par
solve.\par
We didn\rquote t speak, waiting to see who would break first.\par
Finally, after a minute, he said softly, \ldblquote I\rquote m going to give you a history\par
lesson, Ms. Weaver. You\rquote ll listen closely and understand why you\rquote re\par
repaying this certain debt.\rdblquote  Pacing, he added, \ldblquote Every debt will begin this\par
way. The history will be told, then the debt repaid. You\rquote ll be informed of\par
what your ancestors did to mine. You will apologise and repent for their\par
past sins, and only then will the extraction take place.\rdblquote\par
Coming close, his body heat burned me. His words were tiny whips\par
lashing my ear. \ldblquote If you do not repent and permit the debt to be paid, you\par
will be beaten. If you do not accept why a debt has to be paid, the extraction\par
will be taken twice. Do you understand?\rdblquote\par
Twice?\par
Double horror.\par
Double terror.\par
Then...I laughed.  Morbid, yes, but the image in my head was comical.\par
\ldblquote You mean to tell me, you\rquote ll behead me twice?\rdblquote  I smiled. \ldblquote Are you\par
necromancers as well as lunatics? Please, inform me on how that will\par
work.\rdblquote\par
His hand lashed out, spanking my denim-clad behind.\par
I groaned, jolting in the binds. I couldn\rquote t unravel the painful smarting\par
from his strike and the throbbing in my nipples and clit.\par
Shit. Don\rquote t let him see that he\rquote s broken my mind already. If he touched\par
me, felt how drenched I was, I would never live with myself again.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve had enough of your mouth, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are you sure? Didn\rquote t seem that way in the forest with my lips around\par
you. Did you know that was my first ever blowjob?\rdblquote\par
He sucked in a breath. His hand landed in my hair, fisting the thickness\par
and burning my scalp. His lips tickled my ear as he whispered, \ldblquote You keep\par
taunting me with what happened in the forest. Do you think just because\par
you swallowed that I\rquote m what...grateful? Sentimental? In love?\rdblquote  He shook\par
me. \ldblquote What, Ms. Weaver? Shall I not remind you it was you who clenched\par
around my tongue so hard you almost fucking bruised me? Every lick and\par
fucking taste I had of your pussy, I drove you wild.\rdblquote  He trailed the tip of his\par
tongue from my ear to my cheek.\par
I trembled, every part of me tightening.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re on even ground. Orgasm for an orgasm. Don\rquote t think it gives you\par
power, because it doesn\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
I breathed hard, trying to find some resemblance of the hatred I\rquote d\par
nursed. But he pressed his body flush against mine, grinding his erection\par
into the small of my back.\par
He groaned under his breath. \ldblquote What I wouldn\rquote t give to fuck you. To\par
stop your teasing and use you like you want me to.\rdblquote\par
Everything inside me charged, ignited, spindled out of control.\par
The thought of having him inside me both repulsed and enticed. The\par
mental image of us fighting this unknown battle while our naked bodies\par
fought for domination sent scorching thrills through me.\par
My breathing turned to pants. \ldblquote Why haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
Damn, the words fell from my lips before I had time to censor them.\par
Jethro\rquote s hips twitched harder against me. He didn\rquote t reply.\par
The question hung like a flag fluttering in the lust-thick breeze. I\par
couldn\rquote t take it back, and Jethro wouldn\rquote t answer it.\par
Pulling his body heat away, he shoved his hands through his hair and\par
paced the room. \ldblquote Time for your history lesson.\rdblquote\par
I wriggled against the pole, dreadfully uncomfortable and vibrating with\par
anger and desire.\par
I hated the wetness between my legs. I hated that whenever he touched\par
me, I would rather kiss then kill him, rather than flat-out destroy him.\par
My body was hot and confused. Desperate for freedom. Ravenous for\par
lust.\par
\ldblquote In 1460, the Hawks were nobodies. We had no land, no titles, no\par
money of any kind. We were the lowest of the low and survived on the\par
generosity of others. Luckily, after years of begging and living on the\par
streets, my ancestor and his family managed to find employment in a\par
household who were the opposite of everything they were.\par
\ldblquote At the beginning, it seemed like luck had finally shone upon them, and\par
their days of thievery and struggles were at an end. What they didn\rquote t know\par
was it marked the end of their freedom, and, ultimately, their lives. They\par
became slaves\emdash available at the Weavers\rquote  every beck and call for every\par
frivolous demand. Not only did my ancestor work for the family, but his\par
wife became their kitchen maid, his son their stable boy, and his daughter\par
their scullery underling. A family of Hawks working for a family of\par
Weavers.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s voice was hypnotic, whisking me away from the greenhouse to\par
a time where sewage flowed in busy streets and rat meat was as common as\par
chicken in the slums of London.\par
Jethro never stopped his tale. \ldblquote They worked every hour\emdash cooking,\par
cleaning, fetching\emdash ensuring the Weavers lived a life of well-tended luxury.\par
Nothing was too much for them\emdash they were the cogs that made the\par
household run.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So they were employees,\rdblquote  I butted in. \ldblquote They were hired to look after\par
my forefathers and no doubt given room and board as well as food and\par
clothing.\rdblquote\par
Jethro stalked toward me. Fisting my hair, he snarled, \ldblquote You\rquote d think that,\par
wouldn\rquote t you? A fair trade for the amount of hours they slaved. But no. The\par
Weavers didn\rquote t believe in fairness of employment. They didn\rquote t pay a cent\emdash\par
not to those who came from the gutter. But you\rquote re right\emdash they did provide\par
board and lodging, but they taxed it so heavily, my family existed in the\par
Weavers\rquote  cellar with scraps from their table. Every year their unpayable\par
taxes grew higher.\rdblquote\par
Sickness swirled in my stomach. \ldblquote How do you mean?\rdblquote\par
Jethro let me go, continuing his stroll around the room. \ldblquote I mean that\par
every year they were worse off, not only working but paying their\par
employers for the chance. Every year at Christmas, they were ordered to\par
pay back their taxes of being privileged enough to live in the graces of the\par
Weavers, and every year they couldn\rquote t pay it back.\rdblquote\par
That\rquote s awful.\par
My heart hurt for such unfairness, of such unnecessary brutality. It can\rquote t\par
be true. No one could be that horrid. Then again, it happened so long ago. It\par
was still insanity to make me pay for it.\par
I gritted my teeth, fortifying myself against Jethro\rquote s brainwashing. I\par
couldn\rquote t believe my forefathers were tyrannical employers. There would\rquote ve\par
been rules\emdash even then. Surely?\par
It\rquote s sad, but it\rquote s also hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Get over it.\par
I said with half-hearted conviction, \ldblquote They could\rquote ve left and found other\par
work. They didn\rquote t have to put up with that treatment, even if it was true.\rdblquote\par
Jethro laughed coldly. \ldblquote Seems so simple to you, doesn\rquote t it, Ms. Weaver?\par
Inhumane treatment, so leave.\rdblquote  He glowered. \ldblquote Not so easy when your\par
ancestor was raping my ancestor\rquote s wife every night, and the mistress of the\par
house had turned every law enforcer in the county against them. She spun\par
such an elegant tale of espionage and thievery; no one would listen to the\par
truth. Everyone believed the Hawks were cold-hearted criminals who were\par
unappreciative of the generosity of the upstanding Weavers.\rdblquote\par
Jethro crossed his arms. \ldblquote Can you believe the Weavers even managed to\par
coerce the police to issue a standing warrant, stating if ever a Hawk stopped\par
working for the Weavers, they would be punished? The law said they\rquote d be\par
thrown into the keep and tortured for their crimes, then murdered as an\par
example to other misbehaving working class.\rdblquote\par
My stomach twisted into knots. I wished my hands were untied so I\par
could clamp them over my ears and not listen to Jethro's lies.\par
This was sick. Terrible. Woefully unjust.\par
Jethro moved closer, no sound, just like his beloved silence. \ldblquote Needless\par
to say, they were very unhappy. The wife tried to commit suicide, only for\par
her daughter to find her and the Weavers\rquote  best physician to bring her back\par
from the dead. She couldn\rquote t escape the nightly exploits of the man of the\par
house, and day by day, her children starved from lack of proper care and\par
nutrition.\par
\ldblquote So, one day Frank Hawk waited until the Weaver bastard had raped his\par
wife for the second time that night and put her to bed with her ailing\par
offspring. He waited until the house was quiet and everyone rested, before\par
sneaking from the cellar and into the kitchens.\rdblquote\par
The image Jethro painted drove needles deep and painful into my heart.\par
I couldn\rquote t think of such horrible people or such a sorry existence. How\par
could my ancestors have done such a thing?\par
\ldblquote He should\rquote ve snuck up the stairs and slaughtered his employer while\par
he slept, but his inner fire had been well and truly beaten out after years of\par
abuse. He had no other drive but to stay alive in the hope redemption would\par
save him.\par
\ldblquote That night, he only took enough to keep them alive, because no matter\par
their rancid living conditions, he wasn\rquote t ready to die. He wasn\rquote t ready to\par
permit his children to fade away. He was ready to find his self-worth again\par
and fight. To find the rage to commit murder. And to do that, he needed\par
strength.\par
\ldblquote Tiptoeing back to the basement, he and his family had their first good\par
meal in years. Scotch eggs, crusty bread, and anything else he managed to\par
pillage.\rdblquote  Jethro smiled, before continuing, \ldblquote Of course, their meal didn\rquote t go\par
unnoticed.\rdblquote\par
I gulped, completely wrapped up in his tale.\par
\ldblquote The next day, the cook announced someone had been in her kitchen\par
and stole. Mr. Weaver immediately turfed my family from their beds,\par
finding evidence of misdeeds in the way of crumbs and hastily devoured\par
food. He announced a crime had been committed; therefore, punishment\par
must be paid.\par
\ldblquote He dragged Frank Hawk to the village square where he strung him up\par
on the whipping post and left him to hang by his wrists for a day and a night\par
in the dead of winter.\rdblquote  Jethro\rquote s hands suddenly clasped mine, straining\par
above me to thread his fingers through my digits\emdash his touch cold and\par
threatening.\par
I shivered, biting my cheek.\par
His lips brushed against my ear as his cock twitched against my lower\par
back. \ldblquote Do you know what they did to thieves back in the 1400s, Ms.\par
Weaver?\rdblquote\par
I closed my eyes, bile scalding my throat.\par
Yes, I knew. The methods of law enforcement were a hot subject at\par
school. The Tower of London had extreme inventions for dishing out pain\par
to those who didn\rquote t deserve it.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  I breathed.\par
Jethro tugged my fingers. \ldblquote Care to share?\rdblquote\par
Swallowing, I whispered, \ldblquote The usual punishment for stealing was hands\par
being cut off, ears nailed to spikes, flogging...all manner of beastly things.\rdblquote\par
My fingers ached beneath his as he squeezed hard.\par
Then he stepped back, letting me go. \ldblquote Can you empathize with my\par
ancestor? Can you tap into the panic he must\rquote ve felt to lose a hand or other\par
body part?\rdblquote\par
I squeezed my eyes, nodding. It would\rquote ve been awful and even worse\par
for the wife as she stood by and watched the love of her life\emdash the same man\par
who had no power to protect her\emdash accept punishment, all for just keeping\par
her alive. A life she probably didn\rquote t even want with rape and destitution as\par
the highlights.\par
Jethro said, \ldblquote This is the easiest debt to endure, Ms. Weaver. But back\par
then, it was one of the worst.\rdblquote  Moving behind me again, his fingers\par
fumbled at the hem of my t-shirt. Pulling it from my skin, he tore it in half\par
with one vicious tug. The crack of the material ripping echoed in the\par
octagonal space.\par
I jerked as humid air kissed my naked spine.\par
A moan escaped my lips as I finally understood what he would do.\par
I wanted to beg for mercy. For him to stop this ridiculous ancient tally\par
and let bygones be bygones, but no sound came as he shoved my tattered tshirt to my shoulders, exposing my back. His fingers were firm and\par
unyielding as he reached in front and undid the button on my shorts.\par
\ldblquote Please,\rdblquote  I moaned as he undid them and shoved them to my ankles.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t reply, nor did he ask me to kick the discarded shorts away.\par
I let them stay\emdash imprisoning my ankles, just like the cuffs imprisoned my\par
wrists.\par
Leaving me naked and quivering with fear, Jethro disappeared.\par
I didn\rquote t try to follow him with my eyes. I kept them squeezed tight,\par
shivering and trembling, wishing I was anywhere but here.\par
Jethro tapped me on the shoulder a few moments later, his touch harsh\par
and demanding. \ldblquote Open your eyes.\rdblquote\par
I reluctantly obeyed, focusing on his flawless face and cold, unforgiving\par
gaze.\par
He dangled a flogger in front of my vision. It held a multitude of leather\par
strips with knots in regular intervals down the strands. \ldblquote Have you seen one\par
of these?\rdblquote\par
I nodded.\par
I was a designer. I garnered inspiration from everything and anything,\par
including different lifestyle choices, eras, and kinks. However, there was\par
nothing sexually playful about this one. It was mean and meant to hurt.\par
I balled my hands, cursing the pins and needles in my fingertips as\par
blood rushed faster. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And do you think it was a just punishment for stealing something, all\par
to keep his family alive?\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
Jethro agreed, \ldblquote No. Especially in the dead of winter where his body was\par
frozen and brittle, and the slightest touch would\rquote ve been agony.\rdblquote  He ran his\par
finger down my shoulder blades. \ldblquote You\rquote re warm, in a humid room. Your\par
skin is supple and flushed. Pain won\rquote t register as badly as if I\rquote d placed you\par
inside a freezer or dumped you in ice water before we started.\rdblquote\par
He dropped his voice. \ldblquote Want to know another secret, Ms. Weaver? Want\par
to know something that could potentially get me into a lot of trouble?\rdblquote\par
My eyes flared. The way he asked...he was serious. I twisted, trying to\par
catch his eye, but he remained just out of looking distance. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote  I\par
breathed.\par
Jethro pressed his body against mine again, digging his belt buckle\par
painfully into my lower back, sandwiching my naked skin harder against\par
the post. \ldblquote I was supposed to do that. Supposed to make you so cold, I could\par
snap your arm with one touch. You were supposed to be numb and\par
chattering with chill so that every lash would make you scream in endless\par
agony.\rdblquote\par
I swallowed hard, fear lacing my blood. \ldblquote Why\emdash why didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote  Even\par
my heart stopped beating in fear of missing his answer. I needed to find a\par
way to understand this man, before it was too late.\par
He dropped his voice to barely a whisper, \ldblquote Because no one should have\par
to be as cold as I\rquote ve been taught.\rdblquote  He suddenly stepped back, letting the\par
flogger hang down in his grip.\par
He snapped, \ldblquote I suggest you hug the post, Ms. Weaver. This is going to\par
hurt.\rdblquote\f0\par
Jethro.\par
NILA IMMEDIATELY DID as I said.\par
With no hesitation, she pressed her body harder against the post, doing\par
her best to hold on despite the restricting cuffs.\par
Every muscle in her back stood out: every ridge and valley from her\par
trim arse to her taut shoulders. Bruises from vertigo stained the flawless\par
white. Scratches from trees and nature marred her with violence. Every rib\par
stood out as she stopped breathing and locked her knees.\par
I couldn\rquote t have her passing out from lack of oxygen. She had to stay\par
with me. We were in this together.\par
Gathering the knotted torture device, I murmured, \ldblquote Do you repent? Do\par
you take ownership of your family\rquote s sins and agree to pay the debt?\rdblquote\par
Nila pressed even harder against the post, as if she could morph into the\par
wood and disappear.\par
When she didn\rquote t reply, I coaxed, \ldblquote I asked you a question, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Running the flogger through my hands, I stepped closer. \ldblquote Do you?\rdblquote\par
She sucked in a breath, her ribcage straining against her blemished skin.\par
\ldblquote Ye\f1\emdash yes.\rdblquote  Her head bowed, and her lips went white.\par
I nodded. It was on record. I\rquote d asked and she\rquote d agreed\emdash that was all I\par
needed.\par
Taking my place for deliverance, I murmured, \ldblquote I want you to count.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes shot wide, her cheek squished against the bark of the post.\par
\ldblquote Count?\rdblquote\par
I smiled. \ldblquote I want to hear you acknowledge every lash.\rdblquote\par
With my heart in my throat, I spread my thighs and jerked my arm back.\par
I told her the truth about disobeying the order to lock her in the chiller. If\par
my father found out, I could be in serious shit.\par
We both could.\par
I hadn\rquote t found the balls to delve into the reasons why I hadn\rquote t obeyed\par
the procedure. All I could focus on was delivering the First Debt. Then I\par
could get out of here. Then I could get some peace.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t stop counting,\rdblquote  I grunted. My arm sailed forward, sending the\par
four-stranded flogger whistling through the air.\par
For a split second, I suffered an out-of-body experience. I saw myself. I\par
witnessed the anger and power on my face. I watched as if I wasn\rquote t the one\par
wielding pain but an outsider. And I wondered what it would be like to\par
belong to a different family. To have a different upbringing.\par
But then the experience stopped, slamming me back into my body.\par
The flogger sliced through the thick silence.\par
Nila screamed.\par
I jolted.\par
Raw redness bloomed as the lash licked across flesh.\par
Her skin was so delicate; blood welled instantly.\par
I stumbled at the sight. My heart shot from my chest and lay beating and\par
mangled on the floor. Images of hunting and killing flurried in my mind.\par
Drawing blood was not new to me. But drawing it from a woman I\rquote d\par
developed feelings for was.\par
It felt...\par
...\par
Fuck, I don\rquote t know.\par
Strange. Exotic. Not entirely distasteful but not fully delectable either.\par
A realm of uncertainty. \par
Nila slouched against the post as pain washed through her system. She\par
panted, moans ragged in her chest.\par
I\rquote d done my part, but she\rquote d yet to do hers.\par
\ldblquote Count!\rdblquote  I roared.\par
Flinching, she stood taller. Sniffing back unshed tears, she yelled,\par
\ldblquote One!\rdblquote\par
Her voice hijacked my body; my cock throbbed.\par
I\rquote d been prepared to do everything that I\rquote d been ordered. After all, I\par
wanted to. I\rquote d been taught to crave this control. To hurt others.\par
But in that second, I craved something entirely different. I wanted to\par
feel the heat of her whipped back against my front as I slid into her\par
tightness and fucked her. I wanted her to scream for an entirely different\par
reason.\par
Goddammit, what the hell is happening to me?\par
I struck again, sending the flogger flying. The soft leather bit into her\par
back. \ldblquote Count!\rdblquote  I snapped. Causing her pain helped ease a little of mine.\par
This woman had the power to ruin me. That would never be permitted. I\par
have to ruin her first.\par
She screamed again. \ldblquote Two!\rdblquote\par
My muscles already ached from being tense and on edge. My balls\par
disappeared inside my body with the urge to come.\par
How the fuck will I get through this?\par
Two down.\par
Nineteen to go.\par
The number was written in the logbook of the county enforcer. Twentyone lashings for Frank Hawk on account of thievery. His son, Bennett\par
Hawk, was the stable boy who wrote up the Debt Inheritance.\par
Frank had been bleeding and left to freeze. Twenty-one oozing cuts\par
turning to red frost before being deemed repentant for providing for his\par
family.\par
Like for like.\par
Debt for debt.\par
That was my purpose.\par
That was the madness of my family. Not so much for principle or\par
honouring our ancestor\rquote s hardships\emdash but to embrace the power we once\par
lacked. Power we now wielded in perfect precision. The Weavers weren\rquote t\par
our agenda\emdash it was the convenience of having an exclusive family tree\par
destined to let us torment and torture, to keep our fangs dripping and claws\par
sharp.\par
I raised my arm, sailing the knotted strands, tearing across Nila\rquote s skin.\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote  Her body shuddered with agony.\par
My cock stabbed painfully against my belt as Nila writhed on the pole.\par
Dropping my hand, I grabbed the rock hard piece of flesh, rearranging its\par
position so it didn\rquote t snap itself in two in my trousers. \ldblquote I don\rquote t hear\par
counting,\rdblquote  I growled.\par
\ldblquote Three,\rdblquote  she cried.\par
Another lash.\par
\ldblquote Four.\rdblquote\par
Another.\par
\ldblquote Five!\rdblquote\par
With each one her back blistered, turning from un-whipped perfection to\par
weeping rawness. The humidity of the conservatory drenched my shirt until\par
liquid salt covered my skin. Every lash, savage hunger built inside, feeding\par
off Nila\rquote s pain and my own for wanting her.\par
My mouth watered to kiss her spine, to lick at the mess I\rquote d caused. \par
I wanted to nuzzle her tears and whisper the truth of who I was.\par
You never can.\par
Just the mere thought of being honest petrified me. If I spoke it, how\par
would I keep it hidden?\par
I should never have done this in such a hot place. I should never have\par
attempted something so barbaric without shielding my mind properly.\par
Every strike hurt Nila externally, but she couldn\rquote t see what it did to my\par
soul.\par
I struck again, breathing hard through my nose.\par
\ldblquote Six,\rdblquote  Nila moaned.\par
The heat of the room seeped through my pores, twisting my heart,\par
melting any frost I might\rquote ve conjured. Every cold shard melted, turning into\par
a cascade of warmth.\par
I swallowed as I drank in Nila\rquote s exquisite form. The way she trembled\par
but refused to let her knees buckle. The way her cheeks flushed and dark\par
eyes sucked power from the room.\par
She was...magnificent.\par
I cocked my arm, sending the flogger to claw at her lower back.\par
Nila groaned loudly. \ldblquote Seven.\rdblquote\par
My arm ached as I struck again.\par
\ldblquote Eight.\rdblquote\par
And again.\par
\ldblquote Nine.\rdblquote\par
Nine down.\par
Twelve to go.\par
Shit, I was ready to collapse. I was ready to crawl to her feet and beg for\par
her to forgive me.\par
Forgive me?\par
There was nothing to forgive. She deserved this!\par
I struck hard, forcing myself to stay ruthless.\par
\ldblquote Ten!\rdblquote  she screeched.\par
My ears rang with her pain.\par
I gave up trying to control my emotions and surrendered.\par
The sooner I delivered her penance, the sooner I could undo the wrong\par
I\rquote d done.\par
Gritting my teeth, I picked up my pace. Delivering blow after blow,\par
quicker and quicker.\par
\ldblquote Eleven,\rdblquote  Nila sobbed.\par
\ldblquote Twelve.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thirteen.\rdblquote  Her voice broke and a glistening tear slicked down her\par
cheek.\par
It cleaved my fucking heart.\par
\ldblquote Fourteen!\rdblquote\par
Sweat poured down my face as I hit again and again. My breathing\par
matched hers. I\rquote d never been so turned on in all my life or so fucking\par
disgusted.\par
It made me face things I\rquote d hidden deep, deep inside. It drew ghosts and\par
terrors all into confrontation. I needed to run. Before I lost myself.\par
But I couldn\rquote t leave. I knew in my heart, I wouldn\rquote t be able to walk\par
away from this without fucking her. There was nothing on this earth that\par
would stop me from taking her the moment I\rquote d finished the last lash. I\par
didn\rquote t care I wasn\rquote t supposed to touch her until the Third Debt.\par
I don\rquote t fucking care.\par
Everything was on the line. Everything that before had been enough to\par
keep me subservient and in my father\rquote s pocket, now wasn\rquote t.\par
I\rquote d been obedient. Loyal. Done everything he ever asked of me.\par
But that was before I found something I wanted more than what my\par
future held.\par
My cock rippled with pre-cum as I struck.\par
\ldblquote Fifteen!\rdblquote\par
Nila was mine.\par
I wanted her.\par
I\rquote d take her.\par
I grunted as I swung again, throwing my body weight into the strike.\par
\ldblquote Sixteen.\rdblquote  She shifted, pressing her forehead against the post. Her hair\par
stuck to the blood oozing on her shoulders. She gasped, dragging in air as if\par
she drowned.\par
\ldblquote Seventeen!\rdblquote  she screamed as I drew forth more crimson agony. Her\par
abused, glowing skin split, sprinkling rusty droplets down her ribcage. \par
My eyes glazed; I stumbled closer.\par
I\rquote m sorry.\par
You\rquote re not sorry.\par
I needed to touch her. Heal her. Fuck her.\par
My arm bellowed as I delivered three in quick succession.\par
\ldblquote Eighteen.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nineteen.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Twenty!\rdblquote  Nila collapsed, her knees buckling. Her weight transferred\par
entirely to the cuffs.\par
My arm fell by my side. I could barely stand. My lungs sucked in air as\par
if I were dying; my heartbeat existed everywhere, vibrating in the plants\par
around us, roaring in my ears.\par
One more.\par
Do it.\par
I looked to the camera hidden in the ferns. My father would watch this\par
later and reprimand me for being affected. He would see the glaze in my\par
eyes, the desire on my face. He would make me pay for not freezing her\par
first. He would destroy all the warmth that now existed in my heart and take\par
me back to the person I hated.\par
That was my future.\par
But this was our present.\par
This was ours.\par
I struck. Hard. Too hard. Too fucking hard. My mind couldn\rquote t free itself\par
from things Nila would never understand. Her world was black and white.\par
Betrayal versus love. Truth versus deception.\par
My world was different. So very, very different.\par
\ldblquote Twenty-one!\rdblquote  Nila let go of her frayed self-control. Sobs broke\par
through her lips, tears cascading down ghost-white cheeks. \ldblquote Please\emdash no\par
more. Stop.\rdblquote  She tried to stand but couldn\rquote t find the strength. \ldblquote Please! No\emdash\par
I can\rquote t\emdash\rdblquote\par
Twenty-one.\par
The lucky number.\par
Her tears dragged dangerous compassion from my arctic soul, hauling\par
me into humanness.\par
Bad things happened when I let myself get this way.\par
Terrible things that I couldn\rquote t control.\par
But Nila was my undoing.\par
I think I\rquote d known that the moment I tore her dress off in Milan. I had no\par
strength to pretend\emdash not after this. Not now.\par
I needed to take her. To fully claim her, so I could give in completely to\par
the one thing I\rquote d run from all my life.\par
If I took her now, there would be no turning back for me. Damn the\par
fucking consequences.\par
Groaning, I threw away the flogger. \ldblquote It\rquote s over.\rdblquote\par
Nila sobbed harder, gratefulness a sharp tang in the air.\par
With shaky fingers, I unbuttoned my jeans, moving forward into\par
destruction and disrepair.\par
She was my prize.\par
Nothing would stop me from taking it.\f0\par
Nila.\par
I COULDN\rquote T MOVE.\par
I couldn\rquote t stand up, breathe, think, or feel without being bombarded by\par
agony. I\rquote d never hurt so much. Not even after a tortuous fifteen-hour day\par
huddled over a sewing machine, or twelve hours on my feet in stilettos.\par
I\rquote d never been subjected to pain such as this.\par
To a beating such as this.\par
And this was the easiest of the debts?\par
Terror clogged my throat at the thought of what the others entailed.\par
Movement caught my attention. I forced my tear-stained vision to focus\par
on Jethro as he prowled to the ferns and reached into the foliage. What was\par
he doing?\par
A second later he moved toward me, every step full of temper and thick,\par
thick lust.\par
Shit.\par
I squirmed, tugging on the cuffs. Before the whipping, I would\rquote ve\par
willingly let him take me. I wanted him to.\par
But not like this.\par
Not like this!\par
Not when my brain wept with agony and my emotions were completely\par
screwed up.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  I groaned.\par
Jethro gritted his jaw, his hand disappearing into his jeans.\par
A keening wail clawed up my throat. I couldn\rquote t let him fuck me. I hurt.\par
So damn much. I wasn\rquote t turned on or interested in the slightest. I couldn\rquote t\par
stomach being molested further.\par
You don\rquote t have a choice.\par
My heart cracked at the thought. No, I didn\rquote t have a choice. He would\par
take me. There was nothing I could do about it.\par
Apart from...\par
Appeal to the warmth you know is inside him. Make him listen. Make\par
him see.\par
Jethro\rquote s hands landed on my hips, yanking me away from the post. My\par
body was jelly, my skin slick with sweat and blood.\par
Shaking my head, I moaned, \ldblquote Please don\rquote t touch me.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s only response was rubbing his thumbs in slippery circles on my\par
damp hips.\par
Clamping my thighs together, I forced my depleted body to obey. My\par
ankles crossed awkwardly, my breathing tattered. \ldblquote Jethro\f1\emdash please...don\rquote t do\par
this.\rdblquote\par
He froze, panting harshly in my ear. \ldblquote You want me. You\rquote ve toyed with\par
me and offered yourself up every time we fight.\rdblquote  His forehead rested\par
against my nape, his breath scattering down my spine. \ldblquote Yet, now that I\rquote m\par
willing to throw away the fucking rule book, you decide you don\rquote t want\par
me?\rdblquote  His voice dripped with venom. \ldblquote Make up your damn mind, woman.\rdblquote\par
His knee tried to wedge between my legs, working its way to widen my\par
thighs. I used every ounce of remaining strength to lock my knees tighter.\par
\ldblquote Let me give it to you. Don\rquote t take it. Not by force. Don\rquote t make me ha\emdash\par
hate you more than I already do.\rdblquote  Tears torrented from the corners of my\par
eyes.\par
Jethro sucked in a breath. \ldblquote Goddammit.\rdblquote  His voice was alive and full of\par
need. More alive than I\rquote d ever heard him. Gone was the cold precision and\par
careful calculation. He was hot-blooded and raging, and some part of me\par
was flattered by his desire.\par
He wanted me.\par
A lot.\par
That power turned the burning fire on my back into something twisty\par
and wrong. But I didn\rquote t succumb. I couldn\rquote t.\par
If I did, there would be no hope for me. No chance at ever redeeming\par
myself if I let him take me like this.\par
I wanted to seduce him.\par
I wanted the power of winning.\par
This...this would be rape, and it would reinforce in his head that he\par
could take whatever he damn well wanted and suffer no repercussions.\par
\ldblquote Stop it!\rdblquote  I screamed as his hands drifted down my front. The fight\par
inside intensified, blotting out the awful radiating pain in my back.\par
Something hot and silky nudged against the small of my spine. \ldblquote Christ\rquote s\par
sake, woman. You have no idea what you\rquote re doing to me.\rdblquote\par
What is that?\par
All senses shot to where he stroked me with a hard throbbing...\par
It\rquote s his erection.\par
My heart leapt into my throat.\par
Jethro rocked harder, his body heat scalding every inch. His naked cock\par
lurched against my bloody back. \par
I hissed as pain intensified.\par
He grunted as I jolted in the bindings. \ldblquote Please\emdash\rdblquote  I begged.\par
The tips of my fingers scrabbled at the post as I tried to keep my\par
balance. His knee worked harder to unlock my thighs.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t stop this. Neither of us can.\rdblquote\par
The truth in his voice daggered my heart.\par
If we did this, we would slip from humanity and turn over our souls.\par
We\rquote d become animals, forever fighting and cursing each other.\par
My back flared with flames as his arm wrapped around my waist,\par
pulling me from the post and into his twisted embrace. I wriggled against\par
him, blocking out the agony. \ldblquote Jethro!\rdblquote\par
His cock nudged me again, bruising me with his need.\par
\ldblquote Shit, let me\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I won\rquote t! Not like this.\rdblquote\par
He groaned, a savage mixture of a growl of frustration and grunt of\par
regret.\par
My vision blacked out then returned, masking the pain and encouraging\par
me to drift. I expected a longer war. In complete truthfulness, I expected to\par
lose and be taken like a common slave against the whipping post with my\par
blood smearing between us.\par
It was better to give in\emdash get it over with.\par
Then I could rest.\par
Yes, rest. Sleep...\par
Fight siphoned from my limbs, succumbing to the inevitable.\par
But Jethro...the moment I submitted, he stiffened.\par
He...he let me go.\par
His body heat stayed blistering and all-consuming behind, but he didn\rquote t\par
touch me.\par
Neither of us moved. I was too shocked to ask why.\par
Then, a noise hit my ears. A noise I wasn\rquote t familiar with yet knew\par
exactly what it was. Some primal part of me needed no confirmation,\par
painting a vivid scene in my head of what Jethro was doing.\par
My heart sped up as the rhythmic sound grew louder. His breathing\par
came short and sharp, sending my skin prickling with knowledge.\par
My mind filled with images of him. I pictured his head tossed back, his\par
chest rising and falling, and legs spread for balance. I bit my lip as I let my\par
imagination wander, bringing into focus his strong fingers wrapped around\par
his cock, punishing himself with a grip that worked up and down, up and\par
down. Faster and faster.\par
His breathing matched my sick daydream. My tummy clenched at the\par
thought of him masturbating while I stood there prone, bleeding, and silent.\par
A soft groan decorated his harsh breathing as something hot and\par
stinging splashed across my lower back.\par
Did he just\emdash ?\par
He moaned louder as another stream lacerated the cuts on my spine.\par
He grunted one last time as a torrid spurt marked my skin, seeping into\par
my wounds like acid.\par
My eyes shot wide as my lips thinned in repugnance. Like some crazed\par
beast, he\rquote d marked me with his cum. He\rquote d respected my plea and not taken\par
me, but he\rquote d had to service himself.\par
I shuddered in the cuffs as Jethro\rquote s forehead landed on the base of my\par
skull. \ldblquote Fuck, you\rquote re ruining me.\rdblquote\par
The atmosphere changed instantaneously. It switched from abuse and\par
debt payments to fragile and perplexed.\par
I couldn\rquote t calm my heart or ignore the fiery sting of his cum on my\par
wounds.\par
Wordlessly, Jethro stepped away. The faint sound of a zipper being\par
refastened was the only sound apart from our tattered breathing.\par
Awareness slowly came back\emdash I wished it wouldn\rquote t.\par
Inch by inch, pain on top of pain made itself known. My muscles\par
bellowed; my back hummed like a hundred bee stings. And the questions\par
that bombarded me made nausea swirl with confusion.\par
Tears stole my vision as everything became too much.\par
The whipping.\par
Jethro\rquote s desecration and confession.\par
It felt as if my skeleton had been ripped into view, hanging bony and\par
stripped bare with every colliding thought on display. The licking flames of\par
whiplashes stole the remainder of my energy.\par
I buckled, giving up all control to the cuffs.\par
I didn\rquote t want to cry again.\par
I didn\rquote t want to seem weak in front of the monster who\rquote d not only hurt\par
me but gotten off on it. He\rquote d been turned on so much, he had to mark me\par
with ownership. Like I was his territory\emdash his possession.\par
No matter how much I wished I were stronger, I wasn\rquote t. I couldn\rquote t stop\par
the tears rivering from my eyes or the hiccupping sobs building in my chest.\par
Softly, silently, the winch released, dropping my arms so I only\par
remained standing by leaning against the post.\par
The buckles on my wrists were removed, cuffs no longer imprisoning.\par
Jethro\rquote s touch was infinitely gentle and kind.\par
My legs gave a second warning before they collapsed from beneath me.\par
I braced myself for the fall. I gritted my teeth against more agony.\par
But I didn\rquote t tumble to the travertine floor.\par
I landed in strong arms.\par
And the only thing that registered was shock.\par
The arms weren\rquote t cold.\par
But hot.\par
\par
I came to being placed gently on my stomach.\par
Whatever I lay upon was soft as a cloud and smelled just as fresh.\par
I snuggled deeper into the fluffiness, wishing for oblivion once again,\par
but the agonizing pain from my shredded back wouldn\rquote t let me fade.\par
My hands balled the sheets beneath me as I struggled to stay still and\par
not squirm.\par
It hurts. Crap, it hurts.\par
I would\rquote ve murdered for a painkiller\emdash something to dull the mindnumbing agony.\par
A cool hand pressed against my naked behind, holding me against the\par
mattress.\par
My mattress?\par
Where am I?\par
I couldn\rquote t tell without raising my eyes. I would have to tense my spine\par
to look, and no way in hell was I moving.\par
\ldblquote Stay still,\rdblquote  Jethro ordered, his voice calm but lacking the usual icy\par
edge.\par
I froze, just waiting for more torture or horrible mind games. I was at\par
my weakest, most vulnerable. I had no defence\emdash mental or physical\emdash if he\par
decided to hurt me more.\par
His touch drifted over a particularly violent lash mark.\par
I hissed, biting my lip.\par
I wanted to moan\emdash to see if vocalizing the agony would help release it.\par
Coupled with the cuts on my feet from running and my bruises from\par
vertigo, I\rquote d never been so banged up.\par
Vaughn would kill him for this. My brother could never stand to see me\par
hurt.\par
The bed shifted as Jethro disappeared. Vaguely, the sound of a tap being\par
turned on and the groan of old pipes expanding with water drifted to my\par
ears.\par
I didn\rquote t know how much time passed; I drifted in and out of pain,\par
wishing I could transplant a pair of wings from the stuffed birds around the\par
room and fly away.\par
Then the mattress dipped again, my skin crackling with awareness as\par
Jethro hovered beside me.\par
Something clanked onto the bedside table, smelling sharply of\par
antiseptic.\par
I flinched, turning my head to see what it was.\par
At least we have drugs to stop infection. Back in the 1400s they wouldn\rquote t\par
have been so lucky.\par
Jethro\rquote s fingers landed on my hair, stroking softly. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to fix\par
you. Don\rquote t move.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fix me?\rdblquote  My voice came out scratching and sore from previous\par
screaming. \ldblquote You can\rquote t fix me.\rdblquote\par
He didn\rquote t reply.\par
Instead, he dipped a soft white cloth into the bowl of clear brown liquid\par
and wrung it out.\par
His eyes met mine then locked onto the mess that was my back. The\par
moment he pressed the warm dampness against a cut, I burst into tears. The\par
lashes roared with everlasting brimstone. \ldblquote Stop! Ah, it hurts.\rdblquote\par
His other hand held me down, petting my head as if I would endanger\par
myself further. \ldblquote I know it hurts, but I have to clean your wounds before I\par
can bandage them.\rdblquote\par
My mind twisted, trying to make sense of this. \ldblquote Why\emdash why are you the\par
one tending to me?\rdblquote\par
He took a while to reply, dipping the now hated rag into the disinfectant\par
concoction and once again searing my skin with purgatory.\par
\ldblquote Because you\rquote re mine.\rdblquote\par
I hated that reason. \ldblquote I\rquote m not yours.\rdblquote\par
His voice came softly. \ldblquote There are a lot worse things than being mine,\par
Ms. Weaver. Being under my control means I\rquote ll do anything to keep you\par
safe. Keep you from other\rquote s cruelty. Don\rquote t throw my offer in my face\par
without fully realising what I\rquote m giving you.\rdblquote\par
His touch dropped lower, gently dabbing my open sores.\par
My hands fisted the sheet, breathing hard through my nose. My head\par
ached from tensing, and tears leaked unbidden from my eyes.\par
\ldblquote I do know what you\rquote re offering, and I don\rquote t want it.\rdblquote\par
The moment I said it, I wanted to snatch the words back.\par
I wanted him on my side.\par
I wanted him to care for me, so I could use him to exterminate his\par
family like vermin.\par
\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote  he murmured. \ldblquote Are you sure you want to throw away\par
whatever\rquote s building between us?\rdblquote\par
I flinched, bracing myself to deny it. There\rquote s nothing building between\par
us.\par
You always were a hopeless liar, Nila.\par
How could I admit to an emerging connection between hunter and prey?\par
Jethro caressed my hair again. \ldblquote I know what you\rquote re thinking\emdash I know\par
you feel it, too.\rdblquote  He dropped his voice, whispering, \ldblquote Don\rquote t lie, Ms. Weaver.\par
Not when we both know the truth. Do you deny we\rquote re drawn to each other?\par
Fighting more with ourselves than what we know we shouldn\rquote t feel?\rdblquote\par
Silence.\par
I had no reply. Nothing that wouldn\rquote t give me away.\par
Jethro continued to rinse and dab, slowly but tenderly cleaning my\par
smarting back.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re strong. Stronger than anyone I\rquote ve met. But still so na\f0\'efve, which\par
makes you incredibly dangerous.\rdblquote  His touch pulled me deeper into his icy\par
charm.\par
\ldblquote What are you trying to do?\rdblquote  I pinched my lips together as a particular\par
sharp lance of pain caught me by surprise. \ldblquote Why are you saying all of this?\rdblquote\par
A minute ticked past.\par
For the longest moment, I worried he would never reply, just like so\par
many of my questions.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know.\rdblquote  His answer ached with confession, cleaving open my\par
chest.\par
Memories of what happened at the end of the debt repayment took my\par
mind prisoner. \ldblquote How could you do that? How could you come after hurting\par
me so much?\rdblquote  I pressed my cheek harder against the bed as agony bonfired\par
down my spine. \ldblquote To get off on drawing blood makes you sadistic. It makes\par
you twisted.\rdblquote\par
Jethro paused, letting me go completely to swirl the cloth in the bowl.\par
The brown liquid turned rusty from my blood. \ldblquote Sadistic?\rdblquote\par
I swallowed back a groan as I arched my neck, making eye contact with\par
his turbulent golden gaze. \ldblquote Yes. You enjoyed seeing me hurt from running\par
in the woods. You like seeing me uncomfortable. Sadistic fits you\par
perfectly.\rdblquote\par
He sighed, looking at the dripping cloth in his hands. It stained his\par
trousers, not that he seemed to care. \ldblquote I\rquote m many things but not a sadist.\rdblquote\par
I scoffed, tearing my gaze away.\par
He didn\rquote t deserve a reply when he blatantly lied.\par
Silence fell between us as he slowly continued to wash my back.\par
His hands dropped lower\f1\emdash to where he\rquote d branded me with his orgasm.\par
I flinched. He sucked in a harsh breath as he reached the base of my\par
spine. The residue stickiness felt foreign and unwanted. I wanted his\par
pleasure gone. I didn\rquote t want to wear evidence of his toxic mind games.\par
I whispered, \ldblquote See the evidence? You came in seconds. You were so\par
caught up in needing a release, you couldn\rquote t even wait to subdue me to rape\par
me.\rdblquote  I sighed. \ldblquote Who needs to come so badly they\rquote ll throw their dignity\par
away and come like a little boy caught looking at Playboy for the first\par
time?\rdblquote\par
The memory of walking in on Vaughn doing exactly that was seared\par
into my brain. I\rquote d been scarred for life after that. Terrified of what it meant.\par
Unable to understand what my brother was doing hurting himself in such a\par
manner.\par
I\rquote d bolted the moment I\rquote d seen, and to this day, we\rquote d never discussed it.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re right,\rdblquote  Jethro whispered. \ldblquote I disgraced myself. But I had no\par
alternative. I couldn\rquote t do what I wanted without hurting you more, and\par
you\rquote d already been hurt enough. It was the only way to see straight\emdash to let\par
the poison out of my system.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Poison?\rdblquote\par
He chuckled sadly. \ldblquote It\rquote s one word for it.\rdblquote\par
His touch landed on my spine again, wiping away the leftovers of his\par
transgression. \ldblquote If you want an apology, I won\rquote t give it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So I\rquote m to accept you smearing your cum into my flayed back?\rdblquote\par
I\rquote m to accept that I belong to you, because I have no other choice?\par
He didn\rquote t reply. Tossing the rag into the bowl, he grabbed a tube of\par
cream beside it. Silently, he smeared the lotion onto my cuts.\par
I hissed as the cream stung before fading to a gentle throb. Every hair\par
on my body bristled with how tenderly he cared for me. My heart raced for\par
an entirely different reason as he meticulously smeared my entire back in\par
balm.\par
The moment I was covered, he stood.\par
\ldblquote Sit up,\rdblquote  he ordered.\par
Sit up? That was asking for the impossible. I couldn\rquote t.\par
When I tried half-heartedly and swallowed a moan of agony, Jethro\par
moved closer. \ldblquote Let me help.\rdblquote\par
He hovered, his scent of woods and leather scrambling my heart until I\par
suffered a bad case of arrhythmia.\par
He didn\rquote t touch me, only waited.\par
He\rquote s waiting for your permission\emdash transferring power back to you.\par
I frowned. What tricks was he playing? Who was this silent attentive\par
man, and what the hell happened to the bastard I wanted to murder?\par
Jethro continued to watch me, his face tight and unreadable.\par
I nodded once.\par
With powerful hands, he helped me sit up and swing my legs over the\par
side of the bed. \par
Squeezing my eyes, I almost succumbed to pain-induced vertigo as I\par
swayed in his grip.\par
\ldblquote Trust me,\rdblquote  he murmured, reaching beneath my arms to scoop my\par
weight, helping me stand.\par
I moaned as a few of the shallower cuts reopened, oozing painfully.\par
\ldblquote Can you stand on your own?\rdblquote\par
I wanted to berate him. Ridicule his kindness with what he\rquote d done. But\par
something in his eyes implored me to relax\emdash to not fight him on this\par
particular subject.\par
I blinked, completely lost as to his motives or plans.\par
Slowly, I nodded.\par
Leaving me to wobble in place, he pulled free a large bandage from a\par
first-aid kit on the floor.\par
Between my teeth, I muttered, \ldblquote You always intended to patch me\par
up...afterwards?\rdblquote\par
His eyebrow rose, locking me in his stare. \ldblquote You still don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote\par
I struggled to suck in a decent breath with the intensity in his gaze. \ldblquote I\par
understand plenty.\rdblquote\par
He shook his head. \ldblquote No, you don\rquote t. You think we\rquote re going to torture and\par
maim you for the next few years. Yes, your future is set in stone, and yes, it\par
will hang over your head until it\rquote s finished. But you have to keep living,\par
keep experiencing. You\rquote re part of our family now. You\rquote ll be treated as\par
such.\rdblquote\par
My brain whirled.\par
\ldblquote In answer to your question, I always intended to tend to your wounds,\par
just like I will do with every debt. You\rquote re mine.\rdblquote  His lips twitched. \ldblquote In\par
sickness and in health.\rdblquote\par
Temper flared through my blood. \ldblquote Don\rquote t twist the vows of matrimony.\par
This isn\rquote t a marriage. This is the worst kind of kidnapping.\rdblquote\par
His eyes hooded, hiding his thoughts. \ldblquote A marriage is a kidnapping.\par
After all, it\rquote s a contract between two people.\rdblquote  He came closer, unravelling\par
the end of the bandage and holding it against my side. My arms wrapped\par
around my naked chest hating that even now, even after everything he\rquote d\par
done, my skin still rippled with want. \par
His face tightened and he grabbed my wrists, placing them forcibly by\par
my sides. \ldblquote Arms down.\rdblquote  His attention turned to holding the bandage against\par
my ribcage. Once in place, he moved in a circle around me, wrapping my\par
torso caringly in gauze. The soft fabric granted needed relief.\par
I bit the inside of my cheek. How was it that the gentlest of his touches\par
killed me the most? I\rquote d never been this light-headed without the curse of\par
vertigo. Never been this confused by one person.\par
Jethro kept his eyes down as he waltzed around, slowly binding me with\par
more of the bandage.\par
On his second rotation, he murmured, \ldblquote In a way, we are married.\rdblquote\par
I rolled my eyes, cursing my taut nipples. \ldblquote In no universe would this be\par
called a marriage.\rdblquote\par
He sighed. \ldblquote How do you explain the similarities then? The fact we were\par
raised to be a part of each other\rquote s lives, groomed by families, governed by\par
dictators, and forced into a binding agreement against our wishes.\rdblquote\par
The air solidified, turning from unseen substance to heavy bricks of\par
truth. My head snapped up, eyes latching onto Jethro's golden ones. \ldblquote What\par
did you just say?\rdblquote\par
The man he kept hidden blazed bright. \par
Against both our wishes.\par
That was the second time he\rquote d said it.\par
Go on. Admit it. Say that all along you\rquote ve been acting. That this is as\par
repulsive to you as it is to me.\par
We stood silent, neither of us willing to look away in case it was\par
interpreted as defeat. Slowly, the concern in his eyes shifted to glittering\par
frost\emdash the chill I knew so well giving him somewhere to hide. \ldblquote You\par
misunderstood me, Ms. Weaver. I meant to say your not our\emdash slip of the\par
tongue.\rdblquote  He continued wrapping the bandage around my middle, covering\par
my breasts with the length of softness, protecting the seeping cuts on my\par
back.\par
I wanted to yell at him. To find the crack I\rquote d just witnessed and force it\par
to turn from hairline into crevice. But I stood silently, breathing hard as he\par
finished wrapping me like a priceless present, securing the bandage with a\par
small clip.\par
He stepped back, admiring his handiwork. \ldblquote You did perfectly, Ms.\par
Weaver. You repaid the First Debt with strength, and you\rquote ve earned a\par
reward.\rdblquote  He moved closer, wrapping his arms around me. His embrace\par
scalded, heating the lash marks to a boil.\par
I froze in his arms, completely dumbfounded.\par
To an outsider, it would\rquote ve looked like an embrace\emdash tender, sweet, the\par
coupling of two people crackling with anger and unwanted lust. To me, it\par
was a torment\emdash a farce.\par
Pulling back, he whispered, \ldblquote Do you know we met when we were\par
young? I barely remember, and I\rquote m a few years older than you, so I doubt\par
you will recall.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  My mind flew backward, trying to remember a fiendish little\par
boy with icy winds in his soul. \ldblquote When?\rdblquote\par
He reached up, undoing my ponytail and running his strong fingers\par
through the strands. \ldblquote Back in London. We met for ten minutes. My\par
grandmother escorted me. They made us sign something\emdash you used a\par
crayon that you\rquote d been drawing a bright pink dress with.\rdblquote\par
My heart stormed with denial. How could that be?\par
Jethro bared his teeth, his eyes locking onto my lips. \ldblquote That was the first\par
document they made us sign\emdash the beginning of our entwined fate.\par
However, soon you\rquote ll be signing something else.\rdblquote\par
Oh, God. My stomach revolted at giving him any more rights over me.\par
It wouldn\rquote t happen. The only thing I\rquote d sign when it came to the Hawks\par
was their death certificates.\par
His thumb traced my bottom lip. \ldblquote You can\rquote t say no. You promised.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote When?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When you ran. We agreed if you didn\rquote t make it to the boundary, you\par
would sign another document\emdash one just between us that trumps everything\par
else.\rdblquote  The tips of his cool, no longer warm, fingers trailed along my\par
collarbone. He leaned in and placed the slightest of kisses on my cheek.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve been rather busy, so haven\rquote t had time to draw it up, but once I do,\par
that\rquote s the one I\rquote ll treasure. That\rquote s the one that will contain your soul.\rdblquote\par
I tore from his grip.\par
I couldn\rquote t stand it any longer.\par
I slapped him.\par
Hard.\par
Viciously hard and firm and so full of anger. I wanted to smite him into\par
the ground.\par
He hissed between his teeth as my palm print glowed instantly on his\par
shaven cheek.\par
I seethed, \ldblquote You\rquote re forgetting that no matter how many contracts you\par
make me sign, none of them will own my soul. I own that. Me! And I\rquote ll\par
make you watch, before this is over, while I burn your house to the ground\par
and bury your family.\rdblquote\par
Jethro turned to a rock.\par
Grabbing the diamond collar around my neck, I hissed, \ldblquote And this. I\rquote ll\par
find a way to remove it. I\rquote ll tear every single diamond from the setting and\par
donate it to victims of bastards like you.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s anger dissolved, almost as if he shed it in one swoop. His smile\par
was forced, but the passion in his eyes was fire not frost. \ldblquote Bastards like me?\par
I don\rquote t think there are other bastards like me.\rdblquote\par
Suddenly he lashed out, grabbing the diamond choker and dragging me\par
forward.\par
My hands flew to cover his, cursing the huge flare of agony down my\par
spine.\par
His lips hovered over mine, instantly igniting my overwhelming need to\par
be kissed. How many times would he tease me and not deliver? How many\par
times must he jerk me close, whisper his taste across my lips, and renege on\par
following through? \ldblquote I told you, you can\rquote t get it off.\rdblquote  His finger trailed to the\par
back of the necklace, tugging gently. \ldblquote There is no possible way to get this\par
off once it\rquote s on. No key. No trick.\rdblquote\par
I gasped, stumbling a little as vertigo played on the outskirts of my\par
vision. \ldblquote There has to be a way to undo it.\rdblquote\par
After all, you took it from my mother\rquote s corpse.\par
Jethro smiled grimly. \ldblquote Oh yes, it comes undone when it\rquote s no longer\par
fastened tightly around something as impeccable as your neck.\rdblquote  His\par
beautiful face twisted with something hideously evil. \ldblquote Think of an oldfashioned handcuff, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  He forced two fingers down the collar,\par
effectively strangling me. \ldblquote It has to get tighter and tighter...\rdblquote  He tried to fit a\par
third finger but it wouldn\rquote t work. Dark spots danced in front of my eyes.\par
My heart bucked and collided.\par
\ldblquote It has to revolve on itself to open, only then will the latch snap free and\par
be ready to be fastened again.\rdblquote\par
The horror I\rquote d been locking deep inside took that moment to crest. My\par
knees gave out, hopelessly giving into rage and terror. If I failed in my\par
quest to make the Hawks pay, who would wear it next?\par
Who?\par
Vaughn\rquote s unborn daughter? The sister Daniel had hinted at in the car but\par
I didn\rquote t know was real or fiction?\par
Jethro caught me, placing me back on the bed.\par
My life switched. My path, my destiny no longer belonged to creativity,\par
design, or couture.\par
It had never been that clear-cut.\par
My fate\emdash the very reason why I\rquote d been put on this earth\emdash was to stop\par
these men. To end them. Once and for all.\par
There will be no more wearers of the Weaver Wailer collar. No more\par
victims of such a ludicrous, sadistic debt.\par
The ice that lived in Jethro\rquote s soul seeped into mine, and this time...it\par
stayed. There was no Kite to help me soar or hopeful naivety of the girl I\par
used to be. I embraced the chill, letting it permeate and consume.\par
I will make him care.\par
My stomach churned with the promise.\par
I will make him love me.\par
My conviction wasn\rquote t flimsy or half-hearted.\par
And then I\rquote ll destroy him.\par
My vow was unbinding and unbreakable, just like my diamond\par
imprisonment.\par
\ldblquote Kiss me, Jethro.\rdblquote\par
Jethro froze, eyes wide.\par
He tried to stand tall after leaning over to plant me safely on the bed.\par
But I lashed out, grabbing his shirt and keeping him folded. \ldblquote Kiss me.\rdblquote\par
His eyes flared wider, panic filling their depths. \ldblquote Let me go.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If we\rquote re effectively married with contracts, carefully designed futures,\par
and interlocking pasts, why are we fighting our attraction? Why not give in\par
to it?\rdblquote  Yanking his shirt, I forced him to stumble closer. \ldblquote We have years\par
together before the end. Years of fucking and taking and pleasure.\rdblquote  Licking\par
my lips, I purred, \ldblquote Why wait?\rdblquote\par
Ripping my fingers from his clothing, he backed away, ferocity and\par
confusion equal bedfellows in his eyes. \ldblquote Shut up. You\rquote re hurt. You need to\par
rest.\rdblquote\par
I laughed, unable to hide the mania in my tone. \ldblquote You wanted to take me\par
in the greenhouse. I\rquote m not saying no now.\rdblquote  I spread my thighs; apart from\par
the bandage wrapped around my chest, I was naked.\par
Jethro\rquote s gaze dropped to my exposed core, his jaw twitching.\par
\ldblquote Kiss me. Take me. Show me you\rquote re a man by being the first Hawk to\par
claim me.\rdblquote  My stomach rolled with the filth I spoke.\par
But I\rquote d made a vow; I intended to see it through.\par
Dropping my head, I let a curtain of black hair obscure one eye. \ldblquote Let\rquote s\par
draw our battle lines right here, right now. We\rquote ll fight. We\rquote ll hate each\par
other. But it doesn\rquote t mean we have to let family dictate every action we do.\rdblquote\par
Fire filled my belly. He wanted me. I knew that much. He wouldn\rquote t\par
have come all over my back if he didn\rquote t. And there was something inside\par
me\emdash some all-knowing part that not everything was as it seemed.\par
Sometimes he was so sure\emdash so resolute and unswerving in the belief of\par
what he said\emdash and other times, it was a lie. A big, fat, obnoxious lie that\par
even he struggled to hide.\par
\ldblquote I told you at the coffee shop. If and when I take you, it will be on my\par
terms. Fucking hard and nasty. I won\rquote t kiss you, touch you\emdash because I don\rquote t\par
care. I\rquote ll just fucking take, and you\rquote ll wish you hadn\rquote t taunted me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll take me against my will?\rdblquote\par
Liar\emdash you stopped before.\par
He froze, a cold veneer creeping over his features. \ldblquote Exactly. You\par
begged me to take you. Well, keep begging because I\rquote m not ready to grant\par
you my cock just yet.\rdblquote\par
I tilted my head. \ldblquote You\rquote ll give in. I\rquote ll win.\rdblquote\par
He laughed loudly, the tension dispersing. He looked at me as if I were\par
a feral puppy who he\rquote d been temporarily wary of but now thought was\par
ridiculous. \ldblquote Back to winning. Always winning with you, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote If there is no winner or loser, what else is there?\rdblquote\par
Partnership.\par
The thought appeared from nowhere. Partnership. I tasted the word,\par
wondering just how likely an alliance could be between this law-bound\par
Hawk and me\emdash his victim.\par
Could I not only seduce him but use him against his family? I\rquote d thought\par
it before, but it\rquote d been frivolous, something I said to make myself feel\par
powerful...but what if...\par
The idea was absurd...but...\par
Jethro moved, placing his palm squarely on my bandage-bound chest\par
and pushing me backward onto the bed.\par
I hissed at the pressure of the mattress on my whipped flesh.\par
\ldblquote Stop your silly games, Ms. Weaver. It\rquote s time to rest.\rdblquote\par
His eyes glinted. \ldblquote You\rquote ll need it for tomorrow.\rdblquote\f0\par
Jethro.\par
DAMN HER.\par
Fuck her.\par
She was worse than my fucking father with her manipulation and guile.\par
I needed a session.\par
For the first time since I\rquote d turned eighteen, I needed help. I wouldn\rquote t be\par
able to fix myself on my own. I hated to do it to her. It was the epitome of\par
cruel.\par
But the only person who could help me remember why I couldn\rquote t let go\par
of the ice in my veins was my sister.\par
Jasmine.\par
I\rquote m a Hawk. Remember that fucking fact and own it.\par
Stalking through the house, I tried to find my father. I didn\rquote t want to do\par
this. I hated that we used our own flesh and blood this way. But I had no\par
choice.\par
Not if I wanted to remain strong.\par
Not if I wanted to remain true.\par
A child was the product of his upbringing. They had certain obligations\par
to live up to, expectations to obey, and scripts to follow. Elders knew better.\par
It was time to embrace my life path completely, rather than fight against\par
it.\par
I was done fighting against it.\par
It was too fucking hard.\par
He\rquote d told me it would only bring confusion and pain.\par
He was right.\par
Time to stop fighting and become my father\rquote s son.\par
Once and for fucking all.\par
Nila.\par
TWO WEEKS PASSED.\par
Fourteen days where I didn\rquote t see a hint of Jethro.\par
Where he\rquote d gone and why was a mystery, and I\rquote d like to say I didn\rquote t\par
care.\par
But...I\rquote d never been a good liar.\par
No matter the itch of curiosity, I continued to live and didn\rquote t let his\par
disappearance undermine my resolve.\par
I didn\rquote t mope in my room. I formulated my attack plan and executed it.\par
The first three days were hell. My back cracked and bled whenever I\par
moved. I stayed confined to my bed with only the ceiling for entertainment\par
and food delivered by softly smiling maids.\par
I craved my phone. I missed the freedom of conversing with the outside\par
world.\par
By the fourth day, I risked a shower and unwound the bandage from my\par
back to twist and stare in the mirror.\par
As much as the pain crippled me, my skin had knitted together and\par
scabbed nicely. The shallower cuts were nothing more than a pink mark.\par
And the deeper wounds were well on the road to recovery.\par
I would always bear the scars. A new wardrobe of silver lashes marking\par
me firmly with ancient scandals. However, the body was a miraculous thing\par
\f1\emdash healing itself from crimes of hate and unpayable debts.\par
I just hope my soul is as curable.\par
The hot water had killed to begin with, but slowly I grew used to the\par
pain and washed away the whipping and turbulence Jethro had left me with.\par
On the fifth day, I dressed in a floaty black dress that had no elastic or\par
grabby material that would irritate my back and stepped from my room. I\par
had cabin fever, and as much as I didn\rquote t want company, I needed a change\par
of scenery.\par
Drifting toward the dining room, I jumped whenever I heard the\par
slightest noise. I felt guilty for wandering, even though I\rquote d been told I\par
could. And as much as I wanted to see Jethro, to demand my phone was\par
returned, I didn\rquote t have the strength to fight with him yet.\par
It was well past breakfast, which was fine because I\rquote d had mine in bed,\par
and there were no Black Diamond men around.\par
Where is everyone?\par
Hawksridge Hall had an eerie way of hiding people from view. The\par
huge spaces making it seem as if I were all alone. I might not want to suffer\par
through Jethro\rquote s company, but his younger brother wasn\rquote t blacklisted.\par
Turning down the corridor leading to Kes\rquote s quarters, I found him with\par
four men discussing some sort of strategy at the large table in the saloon.\par
The moment I entered, Kes\rquote s golden eyes lit up. He bounced from his\par
chair and came to offer his hand, tugging me closer to the bikers. \ldblquote Nila.\par
What a pleasant surprise.\rdblquote  His gaze went to my back, spinning me around a\par
little to see. The lash marks were on display, having left the bandage off to\par
help with healing. My dress was a scoop back, permitting my flesh to\par
breathe.\par
\ldblquote Ouch. I\rquote d heard he hadn\rquote t held back.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You heard?\rdblquote  I frowned. \ldblquote He told you what happened?\rdblquote\par
Kes swallowed, running a hand nervously through his hair. \ldblquote Um, not\par
quite. Anyway, that\rquote s beside the point. I\rquote m just glad you\rquote re well and on the\par
mend.\rdblquote  Grabbing my elbow, he carted me closer to the table and beaming\par
men. \ldblquote You know Flaw.\rdblquote\par
I nodded briefly at the black-haired man who moved like Vaughn,\par
before inspecting the two other accomplices\emdash one with dirty blond hair, the\par
other with long brown hair in a ponytail down his back. \ldblquote That\rquote s Grade and\par
Colour.\rdblquote\par
What the hell sort of names are those?\par
It didn\rquote t escape my attention that these were the same men who\rquote d had\par
their tongues on every part of me. But there was no awkwardness\emdash no side\par
glances or intimidation.\par
I snorted. \ldblquote Ah, I get it now. I couldn\rquote t work out your names before.\par
Flaw, Cut...you name yourselves after diamond properties.\rdblquote\par
Kes grinned. \ldblquote Yep. Apart from the Hawk boys, of course. The Black\par
Diamond brothers picked a name based on the gemstone and the properties\par
in which they can be transformed.\rdblquote\par
Grade\emdash the man with dirty blond hair and a snub nose\emdash grinned.\par
\ldblquote Happy to meet you, Nila.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t bother saying he\rquote d already met me, or at least his tongue had.\par
Colour, with his brown ponytail and broad grin, leaned the small\par
distance between us and placed a chaste kiss on my cheek. \ldblquote Hello, Ms.\par
Weaver. Lovely to see you again.\rdblquote\par
The other day, Kes had said I was to be treated with kindness and\par
respect, but a part of me hadn\rquote t believed him. However, faced with men\par
who had helped strip me of everything, it seemed as if they genuinely liked\par
and wanted me in their company.\par
I couldn\rquote t get my head around it.\par
Or they\rquote re just perfect actors in the pantomime put on by Mr. Hawk.\par
Waving away the proprietary of my title, I shivered slightly. \ldblquote Please,\par
call me Nila.\rdblquote  I couldn\rquote t stomach anyone else calling me by my surname\par
and hated that Jethro continued to use it. I didn\rquote t want to be reminded of the\par
man who\rquote d disappeared without a trace.\par
Kes pulled up an extra chair. \ldblquote Sit and stay a while. We\rquote re just discussing\par
another diamond shipment due in tonight. It will be boring, but we\rquote d be\par
honoured if you\rquote d share your opinions.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stop staring at him. How much had Jethro told him of making\par
me pay the First Debt? Did he know the battle that waged between his\par
brother and me?\par
But most importantly, did he wonder, if he was Kite, why I hadn\rquote t\par
texted him in so long?\par
Damn Jethro for taking my phone.\par
Arsehole.\par
Flaw disappeared as the men fell back into conversation. He returned a\par
few minutes later with a huge basket overflowing with items.\par
The bikers laughed, pushing back from the table to give Flaw space to\par
present the basket to me. I strained forward, very aware that my raw back\par
would be on display despite my long, unsecured hair hiding some of the\par
evidence.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s this?\rdblquote  I asked, eyeing up the pink concoction of crepe paper,\par
chocolate bars, sweeties, magazines, and a brand new Kindle.\par
\ldblquote For you,\rdblquote  Kes murmured, moving forward to rummage in the gift\par
basket. \ldblquote I wanted to come to your room yesterday and give it to you,\par
but...well, Jethro has banned anyone from stepping into your quarters.\rdblquote\par
Why am I not surprised?\par
Tentatively, I plucked the Kindle from the basket and turned it on. A\par
stocked library full of romance greeted me.\par
\ldblquote Wow,\rdblquote  I murmured. Then I looked at the name given to the device in\par
the top right corner. Weaver Wailer. That would have to change straight\par
away.\par
Kes shrugged, standing tall and running a hand through his messy hair.\par
\ldblquote Figured you must be going stir-crazy in this house. It will keep you\par
occupied.\rdblquote\par
And, it did.\par
For the next five days, I spent my mornings relaxing in bed with fresh\par
pastries reading about alpha males and swooning heroines, while my\par
afternoons were spent with Kes and the boys in his quarters.\par
My strange world settled into routine, and although I craved my phone\par
and the ability to talk to Kite, I valued the reprieve\emdash the preciousness of a\par
secretive smile from Kes and the gentle touch of a fatherly biker.\par
They all doted on me.\par
They all smiled when I walked into the room and listened attentively to\par
anything I had to say.\par
I felt valued.\par
I felt appreciated.\par
Which was the oddest thing to admit as I\rquote d never felt cherished, even\par
when delivering fashion-changing designs and bringing the Weaver name to\par
even greater heights. No, that wasn\rquote t true. I felt beyond loved and adored by\par
my father and brother, but it\rquote d been the everyday reporters, models, and\par
shop owners that\rquote d made my career a hardship.\par
Away from the toil of work, I found no drive to return. No urge to\par
create.\par
It was scary to have that part of my identity taken away but refreshing\par
and almost medicinal, too.\par
Bizarre to say, the same men who\rquote d licked me had somehow become\par
my...friends. I didn\rquote t know how, but I did know I healed faster because of\par
their friendship and found sanctuary for my heart.\par
Just like Kestrel had said I would.\par
Just like Cut had said I\rquote d be welcomed into his house. I should\rquote ve been\par
colder, less easy to win over, but I was tired of overthinking everything and\par
peering around corners for the next trick.\par
There was only so much fear a person could live with before the brain\par
gave up and accepted.\par
The days stretched unnervingly...normal. If I wasn\rquote t in Kes\rquote s saloon, I\par
was wandering down pristine corridors full of priceless artwork and\par
tapestries. I strolled in gardens surrounded by manicured hedges and even\par
took a nap beneath the dappling leaves of an apple tree in the orchard.\par
Not one person stopped me from entering a room or leaving. Not one\par
person raised their voice or gave me any reason to fear.\par
If I bumped into a man dressed in leather and stomping in fiercelooking boots, he would smile and ask after my health. If I bumped into Cut\par
heading to a meeting, he would bow and smile cordially, continuing on his\par
way as if I had total right to be sneaking about his home.\par
The only person I didn\rquote t bump into was Jethro.\par
It was as if he\rquote d disappeared, and with his disappearance went my\par
torment.\par
I began to wonder if I\rquote d been forgotten.\par
Not forgotten.\par
Just forgiven...\par
They\rquote ll never forgive.\par
I had to admit the Hawks were diabolically clever. With their welcome\par
came a relaxation I would never have found if I wasn\rquote t permitted to explore\par
on my own. A self-centred acceptance that only came from settling into a\par
new environment with no duress.\par
I truly felt a part of their household. As sick and as twisted as it seemed.\par
By the end of fourteen days, with nothing to keep me occupied but\par
reading and exploring, inevitably, my mind turned to what it had always\par
known.\par
Sewing.\par
Not designing under pressure or rushing to deliver the next big thing.\par
Just sewing.\par
The epicentre of my craft.\par
I commandeered a writing pad, thanks to interrupting a business\par
meeting. The lined paper only lasted me a day before I hunted Kes down\par
and requested a sketchpad with no lines. The moment he\rquote d given me one, I\par
couldn\rquote t stop the drive to draw, to pluck the rapidly forming ensembles\par
from my mind and transcribe to paper.\par
That evening, Kes had four additional sketchpads delivered to my room.\par
I found the passion I\rquote d lost with overworking and stress. Enjoyment and\par
creativity came back with a vengeance. My hands turned black with lead\par
from sketching well into the night. The pages became littered with rainbows\par
and the barbaric sensuality of diamonds. I embraced a carnal wardrobe of\par
want and inhibitions, creating my most daring collection to date, pulling\par
ideas from my imagination like silver threads, splashing them onto the\par
paper thanks to my trusty pencil.\par
When my mind was blank of artistic drive, I would turn to the large\par
volume of Weaver history and read my ancestors\rquote  scattered thoughts and\par
notations. I wasn\rquote t gullible enough to write things of importance\emdash the\par
Hawks would only read it. A diary was the window into someone\rquote s soul,\par
and I had no intention of them seeing into mine.\par
But I did scribble two questions.\par
Where the hell is Jethro?\par
What weapons are best used against ice? A chisel or a candle?\par
It was on the sixteenth night of being Jethro-free that I stumbled upon\par
the official library. Drifting down dark corridors, unable to sleep, I felt as if\par
I\rquote d fallen through a wormhole into ancient literature and knowledge. The\par
ceiling was a dome, painted with a navy sky and glittering yellow stars. The\par
walls were three stories high with swirling ladders leading onto brass\par
walkways to peruse each shelf with ease.\par
The moment I walked into the hushed world, I knew I\rquote d found home.\par
That night, I\rquote d spent hours reading by low light, fingering leather-bound\par
limited editions, before curling up in the most comfy of beanbags and\par
falling asleep.\par
Kes found me the next morning, nudging me awake with an amused\par
grin. \ldblquote Hi.\rdblquote  He threw himself into the chaise lounge that was decorated with\par
bamboo leaves, cranes, and Chinese symbols, not far from my\par
commandeered beanbag.\par
I sat up, rubbing sleep from my eyes and stretching my stiff but mostly\par
healed back. \ldblquote How did you find me?\rdblquote\par
Kes pointed upward, smiling. \ldblquote Cameras.\rdblquote\par
My heart leapt into my throat. \ldblquote Of course.\rdblquote  That was why I was given\par
free reign. Why no one tried to stop me. Everything I did was on show.\par
I was stupid not to realize it sooner.\par
I frowned. Was that what Jethro had switched off after he\rquote d whipped\par
me? Did he not wish his family to see him come all over my back\emdash to show\par
he had a weakness for me?\par
And if so...why didn\rquote t he want his family to see? He was only doing\par
what he was told...wasn\rquote t he?\par
The past two weeks had delivered far too many questions where Jethro\par
was concerned, and I still had no answers.\par
I did have one scary conclusion, though. As much as I detested Jethro\rquote s\par
mind games and sick control...I missed the spark he conjured inside. I\par
missed the clench when he touched me, and I craved the addictive fear of\par
duelling.\par
As much as I enjoyed Kes\rquote s company, and as fond as I\rquote d grown of him,\par
I didn\rquote t grow wet at the thought of winning him over or dream of his lips\par
kissing mine.\par
\ldblquote Do you like the library?\rdblquote  Kes asked, craning his neck, trying to catch a\par
glimpse at the open sketchpad beside me. The pages depicted a flowing silk\par
cape that would be a mixture of air and thread.\par
Forcing Jethro from my mind, I nodded. \ldblquote Yes. I love the silence and\par
smell.\rdblquote\par
He smiled. \ldblquote Bet you\rquote ll like what Jethro has to show you then.\rdblquote\par
I very much doubt that.\par
I stiffened slightly, hearing Kes talk about his brother. I\rquote d picked up on\par
a strange edge in his tone whenever he mentioned him. And I couldn\rquote t\par
understand the dynamic between the two. They cared deeply for each other\par
\emdash that was undeniable\emdash but there was something else, too. Something\par
deeper and more complex than just sibling rivalry.\par
Hang on.\par
My ears pricked. \ldblquote What does Jethro have to show me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean, he hasn\rquote t shown you yet?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shown me what?\rdblquote\par
Kes shook his head. \ldblquote He hasn\rquote t come to find you? Hasn\rquote t explained?\rdblquote\par
Dropping his voice, he asked, \ldblquote How long has it been, since he\rquote s come for\par
you?\rdblquote\par
My forehead furrowed. Shouldn\rquote t he know that? Wasn\rquote t he privy to\par
Jethro\rquote s convoluted inner thoughts?\par
Dropping my eyes, I said, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t seen him since the First Debt was\par
repaid.\rdblquote\par
Kes sucked in a breath. Rubbing a hand over his face, he stood quickly.\par
\ldblquote Look, forget I said anything. I have to go.\rdblquote\par
He strode from the library in a rustle of leather and denim, most likely\par
going in search of his wayward brother.\par
Forget I said anything. Kes\rquote s words repeated inside my head.\par
I would like to forget everything that\rquote d happened since the Hawks had\par
come for me, but that was an impossibility.\par
Just like obeying Kes was.\par
From that moment on, I couldn\rquote t think of anything else.\par
What does Jethro have to show me?\par
And why hasn\rquote t he come to torment me?\f0\par
Jethro.\par
THE NIGHT SKY exploded with a blue and gold firework. It rained\par
through the blackness, dazzling through the skylight of the stable.\par
Goddammit, they\rquote d started early.\par
Wings stomped his hoof against the cobblestone at the explosion. He\par
didn\rquote t do well with fireworks\f1\emdash almost bucked me off last year when I\rquote d\par
gone for a midnight ride, rather than smile and be merry with my father.\par
Today was his birthday.\par
The joyous occasion of Cut being one step closer to a coffin.\par
Wasn\rquote t my fault that I preferred to celebrate for different reasons than\par
his. He would be basking in toasts, counting the obscene amount of wealth\par
gushing in, and patting himself on his back for a lifetime well spent.\par
Meanwhile, I would be sulking in the shadows just waiting for my turn\par
to reign.\par
Was it despicable for a son to wish his father to die so he could inherit\par
everything sooner rather than later, or was it merely a coping mechanism at\par
surviving yet more years under his thumb?\par
Either way, it no longer mattered.\par
I was thirty next year.\par
And the fireworks would be bigger, louder, and more extravagant than\par
my father\rquote s, because I would be the new owner of Hawksridge and hold all\par
the power. That day had seemed like an eternity away when I was eighteen,\par
but now it was within grasping distance.\par
I\rquote ve almost made it.\par
Wings stomped his metal shoe as another firework detonated. All day\par
the festivities had continued\emdash starting with a hunt for pheasant, which\par
began immediately after breakfast, followed by trout fishing in the fully\par
stocked lake. The staff worked furiously and meticulously, making sure\par
each element of his magical day was better than the one before.\par
I might secretly enjoy the news that my father inched closer to demise,\par
but I hated celebrating my own birthday. Why rejoice another year passing,\par
another year closer to death? I preferred to pretend I was immortal.\par
That way, I would never have to pay for my sins or fall from earth to\par
hell.\par
Another firework boomed over the estate.\par
Wings huffed, nudging his velvet nose against my tweed jacket.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re greedy tonight,\rdblquote  I said, fishing out a handful of oats and\par
handing them to the gelding.\par
In perfect late summer tradition, England had put on a gorgeous day. No\par
wind, no clouds. Endless yellow sunshine drenched Hawksridge Hall,\par
granting perfect conditions for Cut and his Black Diamond brothers to hunt,\par
fish, gamble, and drink all on the front lawn. Gazebos had been erected, and\par
the dinner had been a banquet of roast pheasant, grilled trout, and venison\par
stew.\par
My mind skipped back to watching Nila. I\rquote d avoided her for two weeks.\par
Two weeks that I needed to screw my head back on fucking straight and\par
stop allowing my stupid emotions to get the better of me.\par
Today was the first time I let her see me, but I hadn\rquote t gone close enough\par
to talk.\par
What could I say? Sorry for whipping you? Sorry for coming on you?\par
Sorry for my fucked-up soul that can only be controlled by a regiment of\par
\lquote fixing myself\rquote ?\par
There was nothing I could say and nothing I wanted to explain.\par
I sighed.\par
Jasmine had worked her magic, and I was back. I\rquote d found my way into\par
the cold shell that protected me and spent the last week cold, remote,\par
unfeeling.\par
I was eternally relieved.\par
The messiness of life no longer affected me, and I trusted myself not to\par
boil over with no provocation. Even with provocation, it would take a lot\par
for me to snap. I wasn\rquote t just glacial; I was a continent of blizzards and\par
perma-ice.\par
The moment my brothers, father, and I returned from the pheasant\par
shoot, Nila had been sitting on the front terrace, sketching. She wore a long\par
pale blue skirt with a slight train that rippled over the black tiles of the patio\par
and a cream blouse with a ruffled collar and big buttons.\par
She\rquote d looked content...centred.\par
The time apart had given us both much needed space, and the fiery\par
emotion she\rquote d conjured inside was a distant memory.\par
I didn\rquote t even hate her. I didn\rquote t have any drive to torment her, fuck her,\par
or fight in any way. All emotions came from the same place.\par
That was what I\rquote d forgotten.\par
Hate and love...they were the same thing. I\rquote d tried to harness only one\par
\emdash hate. I tried to be my father\rquote s son, full of mistrust for others, while\par
asserting dominance and fear.\par
And I\rquote d succeeded for a while.\par
But with hate comes passion\emdash either for those I loathed or\par
circumstances I couldn\rquote t stand. Every spike of emotion permitted more\par
awareness to steal my indifference and make me care.\par
Caring was my problem.\par
Caring was what got me into messes I couldn\rquote t repair.\par
Caring was what would kill me in the end.\par
But that was fixed now.\par
Resting my head on Wings\rquote  muscular neck, I breathed in the scent of\par
equine and hay. \ldblquote Suppose I better get it over with.\rdblquote\par
Just the thought of confronting Nila made my skin prickle. I\rquote d shown\par
her too much, and now she thought she understood me. She would never\par
understand me.\par
Shit, I didn\rquote t understand me.\par
Then again, there was nothing left to understand. It was all...gone.\par
Wings huffed, searching my pockets for more oats.\par
Another boom of a purple and yellow firework shook the stable walls.\par
The dogs howled in the kennels across the courtyard. Seemed everyone was\par
on edge tonight.\par
Giving the horse one last handful, I left the stables and made my way\par
reluctantly toward the Hall.\par
\par
Nila\rquote s black eyes found mine the moment I joined the milling men and\par
families of Black Diamonds. Women weaved, giggling and tipsy with our\par
own brew and vintage. No children ran around\emdash they weren\rquote t allowed on\par
the estate\emdash but the atmosphere of happiness scratched painful nails across\par
my skin.\par
Nila never looked away as I was congratulated for being the winner at\par
poker this afternoon and for losing the bet that I could catch more trout than\par
my father.\par
It took ten minutes to cross the lawn with brothers detaining me and\par
gossiping. Kes was in charge of the large bonfire roaring in the corner,\par
burning off boughs and branches that had been trimmed from the forest\par
closest to the house. Daniel\emdash as was typical for my younger, psychotic\par
brother\emdash was nowhere to be seen. And Cut sat like a king on a throne,\par
watching the staff set off dangerous fireworks.\par
The large box of pinwheels, squealers, and sunbursts waited to die in an\par
extravagance of gunpowder and brilliance.\par
Stopping a few metres from Nila, I ignored her and watched the swarm\par
of festivities. I hoped she would stay away.\par
But of course, that wish went unanswered.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  Nila said, appearing by my side. She still wore the long skirt\par
with blouse and large buttons. Her hair was down, thick and glossy,\par
mirroring the flames from the bonfire. Her cheeks were flushed from being\par
out in the sun all day, but her eyes were clear from intoxication.\par
\ldblquote I was beginning to forget what you looked like,\rdblquote  she prompted when I\par
didn\rquote t move or acknowledge.\par
Looking at her quickly, I touched my temple in greeting. Taking a sip of\par
the elderberry and thistle beer that had been a trial brew last year, I\par
deliberately refrained from talking. I wouldn\rquote t let her sucker me into\par
another fight.\par
I was done fighting.\par
I would extract the debts, bide my time until all of this was mine, then\par
get the final requirement out of the way.\par
Final requirement?\par
Her death, you mean?\par
Scowling, I took another sip. The concoction actually wasn\rquote t too bad.\par
Standing stiff and remote, I stared at nothing, wishing she\rquote d just leave.\par
Her presence gave no hint of how she felt about me. I couldn\rquote t tell if she\par
hated me, desired me, or nursed vengeance deep in her heart.\par
I expected all of that and more. I expected to be slapped and told to\par
never go near her again. I tensed for a spark in the tinderbox of emotions\par
we stood in, just waiting for this crumbling truce to annihilate both of us.\par
What Nila didn\rquote t know was, if she struck me, I wouldn\rquote t retaliate. I\par
would permit the slap with no spike of heartbeat or temper and walk away. I\par
would stay my distance until the next debt was ready to be paid.\par
Because I was done.\par
I\rquote d found peace, and I didn\rquote t want to enter the chaos of fighting with her\par
again. It was too fucking dangerous.\par
\ldblquote Where have you been?\rdblquote  she asked, moving closer and watching the\par
staff drive a large firework peg into the ground. They fumbled around\par
trying to set the fuse alight.\par
I didn\rquote t say anything. Just took another sip of my beverage.\par
The hiss and fizzle of the fuse was the only warning before the firework\par
shot into the sky and rained over us with sparks and thunder.\par
Nila\rquote s face lit up with the glowing atoms, dark eyes wide with\par
appreciation.\par
Once the night sky was no longer polluted by fake sunshine and the\par
cloud of smoke disappeared, Nila frowned in my direction. \ldblquote Are you going\par
to say something?\rdblquote\par
I shrugged. Why? What was there to say? Nothing of importance and\par
I\rquote d done enough talking. Enough fighting. Enough fucking masturbating\par
over the girl I was destined to kill.\par
Why was she talking to me? Shouldn\rquote t she be avoiding me at all costs?\par
I stilled as Nila placed her hand on my forearm. Her feminine heat\par
seeped through my tweed, reminding me of the last time we\rquote d been together\par
and what I\rquote d done.\par
I stepped sideways, breaking her hold.\par
\ldblquote Jethro\emdash I\emdash\rdblquote  Her voice tugged at my unbeating heart. I risked a glance\par
at her. Her eyes glowed with onyx intelligence.\par
\ldblquote Is this a different kind of torture? You no longer deem me important\par
enough to even talk to?\rdblquote  The hurt in her voice dove under my skin, igniting\par
my blood despite my will.\par
Locking every muscle, I said, \ldblquote Don\rquote t flatter yourself. I have nothing to\par
say, and you have nothing I wish to hear.\rdblquote  Turning my attention back to the\par
fireworks, another explosion wracked the atmosphere, disintegrating into\par
not one but three different sunbursts of colour.\par
\ldblquote You are the most confusing man I\rquote ve ever met.\rdblquote  Irritation twisted her\par
voice.\par
A small smile twitched my lips. \ldblquote Thank you. That\rquote s the second nicest\par
thing you\rquote ve ever said to me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What was the first?\rdblquote\par
That you don\rquote t understand me.\par
My secrets were safe as long as I confounded her.\par
I sipped my beer, deliberately ignoring her.\par
Masculine laughter suddenly rose as one drunken club member fell face\par
first into the punch bowl. His woman kept slapping him with the ladle as he\par
proceeded to slurp up the spilled alcoholic liquid.\par
Nila smiled, sighing. \ldblquote I\rquote d like to say I\rquote ve missed you, but that would be\par
a lie.\rdblquote\par
My back stiffened, but I forced myself to relax. Good for her.\par
I suppose.\par
\ldblquote Seriously? What happened to you? Two weeks ago, you would\rquote ve\par
jumped down my throat and growled like a demented wildebeest.\par
Now...nothing.\rdblquote  Nila placed her hands on her hips, glaring.\par
I drained my beer, placing the empty cup on the food-strewn table to our\par
right.\par
She huffed, running her fingers through her hair. \ldblquote Fine. Keep your\par
freaky silence. I\rquote m sure Kes would love to talk to me.\rdblquote\par
Gathering the front of her skirt, she pranced away.\par
Kestrel.\par
Images of her spending so much time with him bombarded me. Despite\par
the success of the conditioning session I\rquote d had with Jasmine, I couldn\rquote t\par
seem to stop myself watching the footage of Nila drifting around the Hall\par
and laughing with my brother.\par
They were close.\par
She didn\rquote t trust him\emdash the look of wariness never fully left her face\emdash but\par
she tolerated and enjoyed his company.\par
Unlike mine.\par
She accepted his gifts without suspicion, and never tried to antagonise\par
him to the point of showing his true self.\par
Why did she accept his friendship yet go out of her way to rip me to\par
shreds?\par
I gritted my teeth. Stupid question. The answer was plain and simple. I\par
was her tormentor; Kes was her saviour. That was how this was always\par
orchestrated. I should be happy it was working so flawlessly.\par
Plus, she was drawn to him because of the messages. The ruse of\par
Kite .\par
My hands curled. She\rquote d let Kes waltz into her life, because she believed\par
they had history. She might even believe he was ultimately on her side.\par
Silly, silly Weaver.\par
She hadn\rquote t asked him outright yet. I knew that for a fact. Everything\par
would change when she did.\par
I stood frozen as Nila traversed the small distance across the lawn\par
toward Kes. He reclined in a deck chair, a cigar dangling from his fingers,\par
his shirt open and showing his muscular stomach. Kes had always been\par
stronger than me\emdash more brawn than brains\emdash but he\rquote d also never used it\par
against me unless it was in play.\par
Now, though, he played a dangerous game, deliberately drawing Nila\par
away from me.\par
My teeth clenched as Kes opened his arms and Nila perched on the arm\par
of his deckchair. He said something to her, and she giggled.\par
My stomach churned; elderberry and thistle flavoured bile crawled up\par
my throat.\par
Every second I stood and witnessed the friendship that\rquote d blossomed\par
between my captive and brother sent my gut convulsing.\par
Every moment I watched, my ice steamed until I billowed with smoke.\par
I didn\rquote t give myself permission to stomp across the garden.\par
I didn\rquote t even notice I\rquote d gone from standing to stalking.\par
And I definitely didn\rquote t permit my body to bend and grab her wrist.\par
But that was what I did.\par
Somehow, I\rquote d gone from standing to yanking Nila Weaver from my\par
brother\rquote s embrace and dragging her like a hunted deer toward the Hall.\par
\ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote  Nila dragged her nails over my wrist. It didn\rquote t do any good. Pain\par
was another emotion I\rquote d managed to shut off. \ldblquote Let me go.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  I muttered. \ldblquote There\rquote s something I need to show you.\rdblquote  The party\par
was left behind, and Kes had the sense of mind to stay where the fuck he\par
was.\par
No one intervened or glanced our way as I carted her closer to the Hall.\par
Once we entered the huge mansion, I let her wrist go and moved behind her\par
to splay a guiding hand on her lower back. She stiffened but didn\rquote t shy\par
away. Silently, I propelled her down the corridor.\par
What are you doing?\par
This was important.\par
You agreed you wouldn\rquote t go through with it.\par
That was before my brother stepped over the line.\par
Fuck trying to keep myself removed.\par
Nila was mine, and she would never be permitted to forget it.\par
At the time, I\rquote d drafted it purely to keep myself busy while staying my\par
distance. But I think I always knew in my heart I would make her sign.\par
After all, it would ensure Nila would stay mine, even if she fell for my\par
brother. Even if Kes won.\par
A binding agreement.\par
Something that trumped even the Debt Inheritance.\par
An agreement my father would disintegrate if he ever found out.\par
\par
My study.\par
My sanctuary.\par
The one place no one else was permitted to go.\par
What are you doing bringing her in here?\par
I hadn\rquote t thought this through. But I couldn\rquote t turn back now.\par
Unlocking the thick carved door, I pushed Nila through the entrance.\par
Once inside, I locked it, letting her drift forward on her own accord. Her\par
eyes moved around the space quickly, expertly going to the exits of\par
bathroom, balcony sash window, and the doorway in which we\rquote d come.\par
Poor girl.\par
She\rquote d changed so much already. A true survivalist. A puritan who only\par
wanted to live.\par
But you\rquote ll die. Just like the rest of them.\par
I searched for the cold smugness drilled into me by my father. I was\par
supposed to enjoy this\emdash to love the hunt and dispatching of Weavers.\par
It was a family hobby. A trade passed down, linking our forefathers and\par
ensuring our lineage had common ground.\par
So why did the thought of beheading her twist my gut?\par
Why did the very notion of watching her fuck my brother churn my\par
heart in a blender?\par
My entire body rebelled at the thought of an axe detaching her long\par
black hair, slicing through the vulnerable cord of muscle, shutting her dark\par
eyes forever.\par
My cock twitched as she spun to face me, her hands flying to her hips.\par
She seemed out of place in the rotund room with its six windows, lush\par
Chinese sewn carpet, and treasure trove of small lead figurines from Indian\par
and Cowboy child play-sets.\par
The wealth of history and monetary value of the things in this room\par
would make a museum weep.\par
\ldblquote What are we doing in here?\rdblquote\par
I stalked to my desk. Unlocking a secret drawer beneath the jumble of\par
stationery, I pulled forth a drafted document that no one else knew about\par
but me. There were no cameras in this room. No one spying on what I was\par
about to do.\par
Just us.\par
Only we would know what we\rquote d done.\par
\ldblquote Come here,\rdblquote  I said, snapping my fingers.\par
Nila narrowed her eyes. \ldblquote You do that often.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do what?\rdblquote\par
She snapped her fingers. \ldblquote Summon me like your pet; like your dogs.\rdblquote\par
I placed both hands flat on the desk. \ldblquote You are my pet. I thought we\rquote d\par
discussed that.\rdblquote\par
She stomped forward, a conundrum of bright temper in the drab world\par
of my study. Her sandaled feet padded on the thick carpet, planting herself\par
in front of my desk. Her head tilted, long hair cascading over her shoulder,\par
completely free and glossy as the midnight sky. \ldblquote Funny, I thought we\rquote d\par
established I was something more.\rdblquote\par
My back stiffened. \ldblquote Since when?\rdblquote\par
Her lips stretched, baring her teeth in an evil little grin. \ldblquote Since I made\par
you come. Since you showed me you were human. Since you ran from me\par
for the past fortnight, all because you\rquote re not dealing with whatever is going\par
on between us.\rdblquote\par
She moved closer.\par
I stood ramrod straight, clenching every muscle against her advance.\par
\ldblquote Tell me, Jethro Hawk. Would a pet be able to suck you? Would a pet\par
swallow your cum? Would a pet pleasure you?\rdblquote  Her voice dropped to a\par
seduction. \ldblquote Would a pet admit to missing its owner, because it\rquote d become\par
addicted to the desire it felt in its master\rquote s presence?\rdblquote\par
My mind exploded.\par
I swallowed hard, hating the swirl of lust and temper that had no right to\par
build. I\rquote d barricaded emotions from my life, so why did the mere hint of an\par
argument with Nila completely undo everything I\rquote d tried so hard to fix?\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
Needing a distraction, I pulled her phone that I\rquote d confiscated from my\par
pocket and held it up.\par
Instantly, her mouth fell open. Greed and excitement glowed on her\par
face. \ldblquote You still have it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course, I still have it.\rdblquote  Swiping my finger over the screen, I\par
muttered, \ldblquote There are some extremely interesting messages on here.\rdblquote\par
Nila froze. Her cheeks lost all colour. \ldblquote I told you that I\rquote d been in touch\par
with my brother. I told you he knew.\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote You did.\rdblquote\par
She tried to hide her nervousness but didn\rquote t succeed. \ldblquote So what\rquote s\par
interesting? I told you the truth.\rdblquote\par
What was interesting?\par
How about the fucking messages reeking of smut and combustible\par
need? I\rquote d spent many an evening sorting through the unsent drafts to\par
Kite . She\rquote d deleted more messages than she\rquote d actually sent, hiding so\par
much.\par
By reading the messages she didn\rquote t want seen, I saw right into her soul.\par
I finally got a clue of who Nila Weaver was. And she was no longer the\par
heartbreakingly timid woman who\rquote d been a plaything for her brother and a\par
slave for her father.\par
She was so, so much more.\par
Every draft she\rquote d typed but never sent rested in her phone like a perfect\par
calendar of her growth from gullible daughter to fierce opponent.\par
Every single message she\rquote d typed to him\emdash to the man she knew as Kite\par
\emdash further showed the truth of who she really was.\par
Her emails had been nothing but work related.\par
Her brother nothing but demanding and dominant.\par
Her father nothing but pleading and clinging.\par
But Kite...\par
He brought out the best in Nila. And I brought out the fucking worst.\par
I shook my head, unable to stop the chuckle breaking through my lips.\par
Why hadn\rquote t I seen it? Why hadn\rquote t I understood it before now? I was a\par
fucking idiot.\par
Nila crossed her arms, glaring pure death. \ldblquote Are you done laughing at\par
my personal life?\rdblquote\par
I stopped chuckling, embracing vacancy once again. \ldblquote What makes you\par
think I\rquote m laughing at you, Ms. Weaver?\rdblquote\par
The moment I spoke her name, the fight, the intoxicating addictive need\par
to battle with her broke free from the prison inside.\par
Goddammit, it seemed the only time I could be free was to stay away\par
from her. But the only time I was alive was to provoke and drink in her\par
kitten-like wrath like an elixir of life.\par
Fuck, I\rquote m screwed.\par
For the first time, I acknowledged it. Not with hatred or fear or\par
frustration\emdash just accepted that Nila Weaver was a force I couldn\rquote t control,\par
and as much as I would like to deny it, she had a power over me.\par
Jasmine had seen it.\par
That was what my sister meant.\par
But I\rquote d been too much of an arsehole to listen.\par
Tomorrow, you\rquote re going back to your sister and talking this through.\par
I needed answers. And she was the only one who I trusted enough to\par
give me unbiased, pure direction. We were the black sheep of the Hawk\par
family, and for that one reason, we\rquote d become close. Kes was my best friend\par
\emdash until recently, of course\emdash but my sister was my rescuer.\par
Not that my father knew, or even my grandmother, who kept Jasmine\par
far away from us men and our contamination.\par
No one knew the bond my sister and I shared.\par
Just like no one knew the bond Nila and I shared.\par
Both were secret.\par
And both meant more to me than any other relationship I\rquote d ever had.\par
Shit.\par
Running a hand through my hair, I placed her phone on my desk.\par
Nila never took her gaze from the device. \ldblquote You seem to laugh at\par
everything I do, so it\rquote s only rational to think my messages entertained you\par
to no end.\rdblquote\par
I had to do what I came in here to do before I lost all focus and allowed\par
Nila to drag forth everything I\rquote d worked so hard to swallow.\par
I murmured, \ldblquote You\rquote re tempting destruction, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  My breathing\par
turned shallow as I moved around the desk and captured the ends of her\par
long hair, twirling them around my fingertips.\par
There was something about her hair. Something that called to the feral\par
part of me that wanted the strands on my cock as she sucked me, or better\par
yet, stuck to my sweaty chest after I\rquote d come deep inside her.\par
Those fantasies had not helped clear my head. The past fortnight, they\rquote d\par
only gotten worse.\par
Just like I had Nila\rquote s hair wrapped around my little finger, she had me\par
wrapped around hers.\par
\ldblquote Nila. My name is Nila. You might as well call me that, seeing as I\rquote ve\par
had your cock in my mouth and your tongue between my legs. Nothing like\par
tasting each other to be on a first-name basis, huh, Jethro?\rdblquote\par
I tugged her hair. \ldblquote Quiet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No chance.\rdblquote\par
My eyes widened. Who was this woman? Taunting me, provoking me\par
while her body trembled with anger. It was almost as if she wanted me to\par
explode. To hurt her. To retaliate.\par
Maybe she does?\par
Perhaps she felt the same way I did\emdash a connection in our arguments, a\par
freedom to give into the overwhelming emotions that didn\rquote t need to make\par
sense when in the heat of a fight.\par
How did I think I could maintain this persona I\rquote d created? This suave\par
sophistication that I\rquote d successfully worn for so many years?\par
My time was up.\par
And it would remain up until Nila was gone.\par
I swallowed hard at the thought of her disappearing.\par
My eyes fell on the diamond collar. \ldblquote I could make you, but I think\par
you\rquote d just like it.\rdblquote\par
As long as the collar remained around her neck, she was alive. As long\par
as the diamonds glinted and drenched her in rainbows, she would be there\par
to torment me.\par
And day by day, she would make me weaker.\par
And weaker.\par
Until one day, I would lose it all.\par
It can\rquote t happen.\par
But what could I do to prevent it?\par
Make her hate you. Make her despise you.\par
Then it would be against my will, even if I suddenly wanted a change of\par
heart.\par
\ldblquote Everything you do to me I hate,\rdblquote  she hissed.\par
Crowding her against the desk, I murmured, \ldblquote Everything?\rdblquote  My eyes fell\par
to her lips. What I wouldn\rquote t give to just fucking kiss her. I\rquote d wanted to kiss\par
her for weeks.\par
Her mouth parted, breath turning soft and quick. \ldblquote Yes, everything.\rdblquote\par
Temper swirled in the room, heating the space. \ldblquote You seem to enjoy the\par
anticipation of me kissing you.\rdblquote\par
She snorted. \ldblquote Don\rquote t flatter yourself.\rdblquote\par
Capturing her chin, I dug my fingers into her cheeks. \ldblquote If I kissed you\par
right now, you\rquote d let me do whatever the hell I wanted.\rdblquote\par
She struggled, eyes sparkling with black ferocity. \ldblquote Kiss me and I\rquote ll bite\par
you.\rdblquote\par
I wanted to laugh at the absurdity of our fight, but fuck if it didn\rquote t make\par
me feel more alive than I had in two weeks.\par
I couldn\rquote t let it continue, though.\par
It has to stop.\par
Letting her chin go, I slapped her.\par
A puff of surprise and pain escaped her lips.\par
The ring in my palm reminded me of the man I\rquote d been groomed to be,\par
and I threw myself headfirst into it. The bright flush on her cheek as her\par
face snapped sideways begged me to lick her.\par
So, I did.\par
Dragging her close, I lapped my tongue over her hot, punished flesh,\par
whispering, \ldblquote You would like me too much if I gave into your goading, Ms.\par
Weaver. I warned you before\emdash if you insist on playing this game, you won\rquote t\par
win.\rdblquote\par
She breathed hard. \ldblquote Funny, I thought the score was pretty even.\rdblquote\par
I pressed my cold lips against her smarting cheek. \ldblquote Funny, I thought\par
you lost the day you were born.\rdblquote\par
She sucked in a breath, her dark eyes swimming with tears.\par
Strike for me.\par
I\rquote d won that argument, so why did my stomach feel like fucking lead?\par
Letting her go, I grabbed the newly drafted contract from the desk and\par
shoved it in her face. \ldblquote You agreed to this. Sign it.\rdblquote\par
Her mouth popped wide, taking in the freshly inked document. I\rquote d spent\par
many nights carefully penning it in the way of our custom with quill and\par
ink, rather than computer and printer. It wasn\rquote t perfect, but it was binding,\par
and that was all that fucking mattered.\par
Grabbing the same swan feather I\rquote d used to scratch out the paperwork, I\par
stole Nila\rquote s hand and hooked her fingers around the quill.\par
\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The agreement owed from your disastrous attempt at running.\rdblquote\par
Tapping the page, I said, \ldblquote Sign it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not signing anything until I\rquote ve read it.\rdblquote  Her gaze glowed black, her\par
cheek still pink from my slap.\par
Taking a step back, I splayed my hands, presenting the contract. \ldblquote By all\par
means, Ms. Weaver. Read away.\rdblquote\par
She scowled, her hands shaking as she snatched it from my grip. \par
Her lips parted as she read.\par
I didn\rquote t need to see it to know what it said. It was ingrained on my soul.\par
Date: 5th September 2014\par
Jethro Hawk, firstborn son of Bryan Hawk, and Nila Weaver, firstborn\par
daughter of Emma Weaver, hereby solemnly swear this is a law-abiding and\par
incontestable contract.\par
Nila Weaver revokes all ownership of her freewill, thoughts, and body\par
and grants them into the sole custody of Jethro Hawk, as per the agreement\par
made the morning of the 19th of August when Nila Weaver took up the offer\par
from Jethro Hawk to run in exchange for her freedom.\par
The previous incontestable document named the Debt Inheritance falls\par
into second right of claimant and will remain void as long as this new\par
agreement is in effect.\par
The terms brokered were for Nila\rquote s freedom and release of the Debt\par
Inheritance if she won, and her willing signature revoking everything that\par
she is to Jethro Hawk if she lost.\par
On the 19th of August, Nila Weaver lost; therefore, this agreement is\par
complete and binding.\par
Both Nila Weaver and Jethro Hawk promise neither circumstance, nor\par
change of heart will alter this vow.\par
In sickness and in health.\par
Two houses.\par
One contract.\par
I\rquote d already signed, taking up half the page below.\par
Nila looked up, completely horrified. \ldblquote You can\rquote t be serious. You\emdash you\par
\emdash\rdblquote\par
I tensed. \ldblquote Careful what you say. Think about how painful it will be for\par
you if you insult my mental health again.\rdblquote\par
She swallowed back the words dying to spew forth. \ldblquote I\rquote m not signing\par
this, you bastard.\rdblquote\par
I tilted my head. \ldblquote Bastard? Interesting choice of words.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don't like that one? How about fuckwit? Murderer? Rapist?\rdblquote\par
I slapped her again, revelling in the equal burn we shared.\par
Pain to deliver pain. Pleasure to deliver pleasure.\par
Funny how the two were correlated.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll accept \lquote bastard\rquote  and \lquote fuckwit,\rquote  but under no circumstances will I\par
accept \lquote rapist.\rquote  Have I tried to take you? Have I forced you? And, I\rquote m no\par
murderer.\rdblquote\par
Her eyes glittered, fingers rubbing her cheek. \ldblquote Are you deliberately\par
blocking out what happened after the First Debt was repaid, or are you that\par
much of a lunatic to remember only the things convenient to you?\rdblquote\par
Lunatic.\par
I ran a hand infinitely slowly through my hair. I had full grounds to\par
punish her. I\rquote d warned her time and time again.\par
\ldblquote Tell me, Jethro, you say you\rquote re not a murderer\emdash yet. But it will be you\par
who delivers the killing blow, won\rquote t it? You admitted as much in the past.\par
Unless you\rquote re too chicken and make your father do it. Or even maybe poor\par
Kes. Will he kill me? Is he the bigger man than you? To kill off the family\par
pet when it\rquote s no longer wanted?\rdblquote\par
My jaw ached from clenching so hard. \ldblquote You really want to know?\rdblquote\par
You\rquote ve already guessed the truth.\par
The thought blazed bright, almost as bright as her cheek.\par
\ldblquote No need, I already know. What will you use? A butchers block? A\par
sharp blade or dull?\rdblquote  The strength and fight in her voice suddenly dissolved\par
into sobs. \ldblquote How will you live with yourself when my blood pours over your\par
perfect shoes?\rdblquote\par
The room shattered with sadness; the walls trampled us with appalling\par
futures.\par
With a horrified wail, she curled into herself, holding her stomach as if\par
her very soul tried to claw its way out. \ldblquote Tell me, Jethro, if I only have a\par
limited amount of time left, why go through the charade of making me sign\par
this?!\rdblquote  She shook the parchment in front of my face. \ldblquote What is this anyway?\par
Does it have a name? \lquote Weaver Vexation,\rquote  perhaps?\rdblquote\par
Her sanity quickly unravelled with every syllable.\par
I stood stiff, frantically clutching at my beloved ice. But in that moment,\par
I felt her pain. I tasted her tears. I lived her grief.\par
My hands balled. The title I\rquote d given it had been flippant at the time, but\par
now I could see how it could shatter her.\par
Don\rquote t say it.\par
The air in the office turned stagnant, waiting for me to speak.\par
Finally, I admitted, \ldblquote Sacramental Pledge.\rdblquote\par
She half-cackled, half-giggled, before everything seemed to fold in and\par
crush her. \ldblquote You made this our vows?! Sacramental, holy matrimony vows?\rdblquote\par
Before I could answer, she shook her head and collapsed to her knees\par
before me. Rocking, hot tears splashed onto the contract, mixing with ink\par
and staining it with large swirls of black.\par
She was the one who gave me the idea. After all, we were technically\par
married. Groomed for one another, destined to drive each other to insanity.\par
This was our fate. Our motherfucking destiny.\par
Her laughs interspersed with sobs. The sound was utterly heartcrushing. I locked my body from moving as she curled tighter on the floor.\par
\ldblquote This is real. This...it\rquote s not a nightmare. This is real!\rdblquote\par
Tears rivered from her eyes, tracking faster and faster as her breath\par
caught and she choked. She choked and sobbed and choked again. \ldblquote It\rquote s not\par
fair. I w\emdash want to go h\emdash home.\rdblquote\par
I\rquote d never seen anyone come apart so completely.\par
This wasn\rquote t just about the deed. This was about everything she hadn\rquote t\par
let herself feel. She hadn\rquote t let go of her past. She hadn\rquote t faced the reality\par
that this was her future, and there would be no going back\emdash no matter how\par
much she thought it was possible.\par
Was this how she\rquote d survived\emdash by pretending it wasn\rquote t real, that\par
everything would somehow disappear?\par
Everything crested and breached, shuddering her small frame with grief.\par
I stood over her, hating to see such weakness. Despising that I\rquote d driven\par
her to break. But at the same time, I stood protective over her vulnerability,\par
standing guard, making sure she had the peace in which to purge.\par
In a way, I knew exactly how she felt. We were both chained to a future\par
we didn\rquote t want, and there was no way out\emdash for either of us.\par
I didn\rquote t touch her. I didn\rquote t torment her.\par
I let her spew her worries and cleanse herself.\par
I just let her cry.\par
As each droplet splashed onto the carpet, I found myself growing\par
fucking jealous. I was jealous that finding a release was so easy for her. So\par
easy to come undone, knowing she\rquote d have the power to stitch herself\par
together again.\par
Half an hour passed, or maybe it was only ten minutes, but slowly\par
Nila\rquote s tears stopped, and her wracking frame fell into a deep, eternal\par
silence.\par
The night was entirely tainted. I had no drive to make her sign anymore\par
or to wage war. And I definitely had no more energy to be cruel.\par
There was no need. I didn\rquote t have to break her\emdash not after she\rquote d broken\par
herself.\par
I sighed heavily. \ldblquote Get up.\rdblquote\par
Slowly, quietly, and obediently, she climbed to her feet. She stood\par
swaying, white as a fucking ghost. In her hands, she still clutched the quill\par
and parchment having drenched it in her tears.\par
Without a word, she placed the soggy document onto the desk, dipped\par
the swan feather into the ink well, and signed her name.\par
My stomach swooped in the wrong direction. I should\rquote ve been happy,\par
but instead my joy was filthy oil, corrupting my insides.\par
Avoiding eye contact, she whispered, \ldblquote I want to go back to my room. If\par
you have any soul inside you, Jethro, you will do this one thing for me.\rdblquote\par
My heart squeezed, cracking its glacier frost, melting drop by drop.\par
My hands itched to touch her, to grant solace...comfort.\par
She hates you, you arsehole.\par
There was no way she would want to be touched. Especially by me.\par
The least I could do was release her.\par
With infinitesimal slowness, I turned to the desk and retrieved her\par
phone. \ldblquote Here.\rdblquote  I pressed it into her lax palm.\par
She didn\rquote t even acknowledge me.\par
With nothing else to say, I guided her back to her room.\f0\par
Nila.\par
NEEDLE&THREAD: I wish you\rquote d answer me, Vaughn. Please tell me\par
you\rquote re not about to blow something up, charge in here with God knows\par
what, and get yourself arrested or worse... killed. Please...reply. I miss you.\par
I swiped at the sticky salt on my cheeks. My heart hung heavy like a\par
charred piece of meat. Last night was a distant memory, rather foggy and\par
blurred. I remembered the fireworks, I recalled the relaxed day of reading\par
and helping the staff set up the garden buffet, but I struggled to remember\par
what happened in Jethro\rquote s office.\par
All I knew was I\rquote d finally snapped.\par
The cry I\rquote d had in the kennels the day I arrived was nothing to how\par
undone I\rquote d become.\par
I should care that Jethro had seen me at my absolute weakest, but I\par
couldn\rquote t get up the energy. I felt strangely aloof, removed from everything.\par
He let you cry.\par
He didn\rquote t torment me or make it worse by delivering yet more horror.\par
He\rquote d stood like an ice statue, completely unyielding and not melting at all,\par
towering over me while I wept into his carpet.\par
But in that arctic silence, there\rquote d been something...something different.\par
His silence had throbbed with regret...of understanding and even mutual\par
anguish.\par
The moon and stars had given way to another stunning day,\par
miraculously cancelling the horrible ending to a nice party.\par
The best thing? I\rquote d slept like the dead after Jethro had left me alone.\par
The cry had drained me of everything, leaving me with a thick headache\par
that sent me slamming into unconsciousness.\par
My phone buzzed.\par
Shaking my head, I dispelled last night and looked at the glowing\par
screen. I wanted a reply from my twin. But what I got was better.\par
My heart soared as I read the first message from Kite  in two weeks.\par
Kite : Don\rquote t know why I keep hoping you\rquote ll reply, seeing as you\rquote ve\par
been quiet for two weeks, but I had a shit of a night and need to talk to\par
someone who won\rquote t judge.\par
He\rquote d been trying to message me?\par
I quickly scrolled through the inbox but found nothing. My stomach\par
rolled at the thought of Jethro deleting Kite\rquote s messages. What an arsehole.\par
I\rquote d gone from a secluded seamstress, whose only contact was her father\par
and brother, to being torn in three directions. As much as I wanted to deny\par
it, I had feelings for Kite. He\rquote d been a bastard to me, but he\rquote d granted me\par
the strength to stand up to him, which then led me to develop feelings for\par
Kestrel. Because he\rquote s the same person; I know it.\par
I still hadn\rquote t gotten up the guts to ask him, but sometimes I\rquote d catch him\par
watching me with secrets in his eyes.\par
I didn\rquote t care that it might all be a ruse to get inside my head. I didn\rquote t\par
care I was nothing more than a marionette being told what to think and who\par
to trust. I had to forget about all that and follow my heart\f1\emdash because,\par
ultimately, that was the only thing that might save me.\par
Then, of course, there was Jethro. He confused me, perplexed me, and\par
completely befuddled me. One minute I would gladly pour gasoline over\par
his wintry shell and see if I could burn him into the person I saw rare\par
glimpses of, the next he did things like last night and ruined all the softness\par
I had for him.\par
How could I understand someone who didn\rquote t even understand himself?\par
You can\rquote t talk. One second you\rquote re trying to seduce him, the next you\rquote re\par
trying to make him bleed.\par
We were as bad as each other.\par
Looking at the text again, I clicked reply. Biting my lip, I wondered\par
why Kes/Kite had had a bad night. What had happened when Jethro tugged\par
me away? And why hadn\rquote t Kes tried to talk to me when he realised I wasn\rquote t\par
replying to his messages?\par
We saw each other every day. All he had to do was whisper something\par
in my ear. Something that would confirm this labyrinthine mystery once\par
and for all.\par
Perhaps Jethro showed the new contract to Kes\emdash rubbed it in his face\par
that no matter how Kes felt about me, he could never have me?\par
Ugh. The headache from last night came back with a heavy cloud.\par
Needle&Thread: I\rquote m here now. And you\rquote re right, I won\rquote t judge. What\par
happened last night?\par
It was odd to have nothing sexual included in the message, but our\par
\lquote friendship\rquote  had more depth now.\par
I settled deeper into the pillows. The diamond collar bruised my neck,\par
throbbing with heat; it wasn\rquote t exactly comfortable to sleep in.\par
Kite : I stooped to an all-new low. Remember when I said we\rquote re all\par
products of our upbringing? Well, I keep blaming everything wrong inside\par
me on that. I use it as an excuse, but what if it isn\rquote t good enough anymore?\par
Oh, my God.\par
I\rquote d never heard Kite sound so melancholy. My heartbeat increased as\par
my fingers flew over the keyboard.\par
Needle&Thread: There\rquote s nothing wrong inside you.\par
I paused before pressing send. If I did this, he would know I suspected.\par
If he read between the lines and didn\rquote t see it as a blas\f0\'e9 comment, the truth\par
would be out and the choice of how to proceed would be in his court. Did I\par
want him to have that power?\par
Gritting my teeth, I pressed send.\par
Immediately, I got a reply.\par
Kite : You don\rquote t know anything about me.\par
Needle&Thread: We can keep pretending if you\rquote d like, but it\rquote s just\par
another excuse. It sounds like you\rquote re ready to face the truth. So...it\rquote s your\par
call if you want to or not.\par
Minutes ticked past.\par
My mind skipped back to the day I\rquote d arrived. The welcome luncheon,\par
the night in the kennels, and the strange degrading encounters with Jethro.\par
How was it the Hawks had everything, yet everyone seemed to be hiding\par
the truth? Jethro was hiding. Kes was hiding. Daniel had disappeared\f1\emdash the\par
little creep\emdash and Cut walked around with an air of mystique.\par
There was so much beneath the surface that no one dared discuss.\par
And, if I was honest, they\rquote d transformed me into the same kind of\par
creature. Someone who had evolved from a single dimension and now lived\par
with so many avenues of personalities.\par
I was still the quiet, vertigo-stricken girl from London, but I was also\par
the woman who liked being tormented, who thrived on a fight, and who\par
thirsted for sex.\par
And that stupefied me even more, because I wanted sex with Jethro, not\par
Kestrel.\par
What does that mean?\par
Jethro had made me come totally and spectacularly in front of\par
witnesses. He\rquote d manipulated me\emdash given me a reward. It was both sick\par
and...sweet.\par
No, never sweet, Nila.\par
Yes, sweet.\par
Beneath the mask, he was so many things, and sweet was one of them.\par
Kite : My call? You\rquote re so sure I\rquote ll be honest?\par
Needle&Thread: Why wouldn\rquote t you be? You know who I am. I want to\par
know who you are. I\rquote m trustworthy.\par
Kite : You\rquote re wrong. I don\rquote t know who you are. Every day I think I\par
do, but then you do something that changes my perception. You\rquote re a\par
complexity.\par
My heart exploded.\par
Finally. Confirmation.\par
Every day you do...\par
Not say, or text, or imply. Do\emdash as in action\emdash physical.\par
My hands shook as I replied.\par
Needle&Thread: Perhaps you need to drop your guard, in order to see\par
in to others. You\rquote re just as complex, just as confounding.\par
The second I pressed send, I panicked. He\rquote d admitted we knew each\par
other. I\rquote d admitted it, too. This anonymous freedom was now a\par
knowledgeable cage.\par
Kite : Tell me one thing you\rquote ve lied about. Tell me the truth. Let me\par
see what you\rquote re hiding.\par
My brain smarted. There were so many secrets, too many puzzles. I\rquote d\par
changed so much; I no longer knew what I should hide. The little kitten\par
who didn\rquote t have claws would\rquote ve curled into a ball at such a revealing\par
question, but that was no longer an option, and I didn\rquote t want it to be.\par
I was no longer afraid of diving deep and finding out who I truly was.\par
Needle&Thread: You want something real? I\rquote ve only come once in my\par
life, and it was just a few days ago.\par
It seemed like a small confession, but it was huge after all my fibbing of\par
releases and kinky messages.\par
Kite : How is that even possible? What was with all the other\par
releases you had? I thought you were a master at self-pleasure.\par
Needle&Thread: You\rquote re asking questions that will lead to finding out\par
who I am. Are you ready for that, Kite? Truly? No turning back once you\par
do.\par
Radio silence.\par
Typical.\par
He\rquote d run again.\par
My fingers hovered over the keys, determined not to end this. Not when\par
we were so close to admitting this charade.\par
Needle&Thread: I could continue pretending I\rquote m the masturbating minx\par
you think I am or be honest with you. Again, your choice.\par
I rolled my eyes. He\rquote s a Hawk. Maybe he already knew everything\par
about me? They\rquote d probably had my family under surveillance for years.\par
Maybe that was the whole reason why Kes messaged me on a wrong\par
number\emdash to drip-feed Jethro information on how pathetic and hopeless I\par
was.\par
I slumped against my pillows. It made sense. And hurt far too much.\par
Kite : Masturbating minx? I like that title.\par
My eyes flared; my stomach twisted with eagerness.\par
Kite : I need to know more. Stick to the subject and give me the truth.\par
Nothing more. Nothing less. What were you doing when you said you came?\par
My heart raced.\par
Needle&Thread: Releases for me were found either on my treadmill or\par
from working until my brain was numb.\par
Five minutes passed.\par
Kite : And the only time you came? How did that happen?\par
As if you don\rquote t know.\par
Suddenly, I was over it all. Over the fibs, the half-truths, the veiled\par
secrets. He knew how it happened. He\rquote d watched his damn brother stick his\par
tongue between my legs and make me combust.\par
Needle&Thread: I came with the tongue of my enemy between my legs.\par
He drove me so damn high and hard that I gave him a piece of myself no\par
one else ever had, and he used it as a weapon against me. There, you\par
happy?\par
My chest rose and fell. Arguing via faceless messages wasn\rquote t enough. I\par
wanted to strike and hurt and scream.\par
Kite : If you were here with me, I\rquote d give you your second release. I\rquote d\par
finger you until you were soaking, then I\rquote d do what I\rquote ve wanted to fucking\par
do since I set eyes on you.\par
My mouth went terribly dry.\par
Needle&Thread: What have you wanted to do?\par
Kite : I want to feel how tight you are. I want to experience your wet\par
heat as I fill you. I want to give you my cock, Needle. Would you let me?\par
Oh, my God. My body turned boneless with desire.\par
Another message from a different sender arrived.\par
Textile: Nila? I understand why you haven\rquote t replied to me, but I thought\par
you should know that V and I are closer to figuring a way to end this\par
ridiculous nightmare. Don\rquote t lose hope, sweetheart. I love you so much.\par
Oh, bad timing, father. Seriously bad timing.\par
My lust turned to smouldering rage.\par
Ridiculous? He thought this was ridiculous? This debt that killed my\par
mother and all the firstborn women in my family tree was ridiculous?\par
I laughed at his choice of words. This wasn\rquote t ridiculous; it was insane.\par
Needle&Thread: Father, you let them take me. You knew all along they\par
were coming, yet you did nothing to protect me. You handed me over like a\par
fattened calf with no tears or violence. How can you say you\rquote re coming for\par
me? How can you say you love me? I\rquote m not losing hope. I\rquote m building my\par
own brand of hope, and for the first time in my life, it doesn\rquote t hinge on you.\par
Leave me the hell alone.\par
I shook hard when I pressed send. I\rquote d never spoken to my father that\par
way before. Never been so disrespectful. It made me feel sick but also free.\par
Free from the fear of disappointing him.\par
Because he\rquote d disappointed me first.\par
Kite : Would you let me fuck you? Would you break the rules and\par
give me what I need so fucking much?\par
My mind swarmed with images of sleeping with Kestrel, but try as I\par
might, all I could see was Jethro. All I could feel was Jethro. All I wanted\par
was Jethro.\par
Shit.\par
I wanted to throw my damn phone against the wall.\par
Needle&Thread: Answer me one question before I give you an answer.\par
Kite : What?\par
Taking a deep breath, I typed:\par
Needle&Thread: Would you kiss me first? Or is that against the rules?\par
A minute. Then two.\par
Kite : I wouldn\rquote t just kiss you. I would hold your cheeks and worship\par
your mouth. I would devour your lips and make drunken love to your\par
tongue. I would fucking inhale you, so you would live forever in my lungs.\par
I couldn\rquote t move.\par
Yet another difference between the Hawk brothers. One would kiss me,\par
and one went out of his way to avoid it. One would adore me until the day\par
of my death, and one would probably dance upon my grave because it\par
meant his obligations were complete.\par
My heart crumbled into dust.\par
I couldn\rquote t\emdash I couldn\rquote t do this anymore.\par
Turning my phone around, I undid the case, tore the battery out, and\par
dumped the dismantled device into the drawer of the bedside table.\par
I didn\rquote t care about replying.\par
I didn\rquote t care if my silence hurt his feelings.\par
All I cared about was nursing the cyclonic pain inside me.\par
And trying to forget all about Jethro fucking Hawk.\par
\par
The next morning, I was showered and clothed in a black maxi dress with a\par
sequined orchid on the chest and purple ballet slippers.\par
I needed some space and planned to go for a walk around the estate. I\par
still hadn\rquote t turned my phone on and had no desire to do so. It was still in\par
pieces in the drawer. For now, I didn\rquote t care about the outside world or even\par
Kite\rquote s reply.\par
I didn\rquote t care.\par
It was liberating.\par
Sitting on the end of my bed, I quickly plaited my hair and draped the\par
long rope over my shoulder.\par
My head wrenched up as the door to my room slammed open.\par
\ldblquote What the\emdash\rdblquote\par
Jethro stood breathing hard in the doorway. My cold-hearted nemesis\par
wore black jeans and a grey t-shirt\emdash seriously, didn\rquote t he own any other\par
colours?\par
\ldblquote Where do you think you\rquote re going?\rdblquote  His voice was gravel and granite\par
and ice.\par
I stood up, planting my hands on my hips. \ldblquote Good morning to you, too.\par
If you must know, master, it\rquote s time for my walk. I\rquote m a good little pet, you\par
see. Making sure I have my daily exercise.\rdblquote\par
I knew I played with fire, or ice as the case might be, but I really didn\rquote t\par
give a damn.\par
The previous night in his office had broken something inside me and\par
Kes/Kite had finished me off with talks of wanting me.\par
I couldn\rquote t decipher my panic last night when Kite said he would kiss me\par
\emdash my sudden terror hadn\rquote t made sense. But now it did.\par
If I let myself fall into Kes\rquote s/Kite\rquote s trap of kindness, I would lose\par
everything I\rquote d fought to gain. And I wasn\rquote t willing to give that up. I was\par
selfish and liked this new Nila. And if that meant I had to keep my distance\par
from kind-hearted people and only surround myself with bastards, then so\par
be it.\par
Jethro would be the only one permitted to spike my heart and draw\par
reluctant wetness. No one else.\par
\ldblquote Careful, Ms. Weaver,\rdblquote  Jethro murmured. Stalking into the room, he\par
kicked the door closed behind him.\par
His presence was a challenge, and I was prepared to meet it. Crossing\par
the small distance between us, we met in the middle of the carpet; every\par
muscle tense and ready to fight.\par
His nostrils flared, golden eyes delving deeply into mine. \ldblquote I thought\par
you\rquote d be hiding under your bed after your debacle in my office.\rdblquote\par
I shrugged. \ldblquote Everyone has a limit, and I crossed mine. Unluckily for\par
you, my limit has now increased, so don\rquote t expect me to break again anytime\par
soon.\rdblquote  I smiled, thinking of my reply to my father. I\rquote d finally had the balls\par
to tell him to leave me alone. Jethro would be no different.\par
I was prepared to unplug him, just like I\rquote d unplugged my phone.\par
Taking another step, my fingertips landed on his chest, dipping coyly to\par
his belt. His eyes flared, but he held his ground. \ldblquote Thank you for pushing\par
me, Jethro. Without you, I would still be terrified. But now I feel\par
surprisingly...calm.\rdblquote\par
A calm where I\rquote d stopped fretting over the future. A calm where I was\par
just as volatile and just as unhinged as they were.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t keep up with you.\rdblquote  His voice was dark with a trace of anger. He\par
cocked his head, his salt-and-pepper hair catching the morning sun glinting\par
through the window. \ldblquote You\rquote ve surprised me again, Ms. Weaver, and once\par
again, I don\rquote t like it.\rdblquote  He leaned forward, his lips so close to mine. \ldblquote I\rquote m\par
beginning to wonder if everything I know about you is a lie.\rdblquote\par
I stood firm. \ldblquote You don\rquote t know a thing about me.\rdblquote\par
Why does this conversation sound like the one I had yesterday by\par
phone?\par
He chuckled. \ldblquote We Hawks have our ways. I know more than you think.\rdblquote\par
His cryptic comment didn\rquote t derail me. He\rquote d read Kite\rquote s messages. He\par
knew everything about me that I\rquote d meant for a perfect stranger.\par
I stared harder, trying to uncover his many, many layers. But it was\par
pointless\emdash like staring into a black lake with no reflection other than\par
myself.\par
\ldblquote Come. It\rquote s time for Gemstone and breakfast.\rdblquote  He smiled coldly. \ldblquote I\par
have no doubt you\rquote ll be starving after your...what was that? Would you\par
prefer the word breakdown or hysterics?\rdblquote\par
I straightened my shoulders. \ldblquote Neither.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You have to pick one.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t. If you want me to define it, I\rquote ll call it my way of saying\par
goodbye.\rdblquote\par
He jerked. \ldblquote Goodbye?\rdblquote  His knuckles went white as his hands clenched\par
into fists. \ldblquote To whom?\rdblquote\par
My eyes tightened, trying to read him. He played the perfect part. If he\par
knew Kestrel messaged me, he hid his deception so well\emdash too well. The\par
perfect liar.\par
\ldblquote To my past, to who I used to be, to a friend called Kite.\rdblquote\par
The reaction was subtle.\par
The small intake of breath. The slight whitening of his face. The\par
indiscernible flinch of his muscles.\par
Then it was gone, hidden beneath the snowy exterior he held so well.\par
\ldblquote Ah yes, the James Bond idiot, 007. The same idiot who just can\rquote t seem to\par
stop messaging you.\rdblquote  Moving quickly, he grabbed my elbow, dragging me\par
toward the door. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote m glad you said your goodbyes. Nothing worse\par
than dying with unfinished business.\rdblquote  His smile sent gale-force winds\par
howling through my suddenly torn-open chest.\par
I slammed to a halt. \ldblquote You can\rquote t help yourself, can you?\rdblquote\par
He paused, forehead furrowed.\par
\ldblquote You just have to be so damn cruel.\rdblquote\par
He sighed dramatically, backing me away from the door and toward the\par
centre of the room again. \ldblquote I\rquote m not cruel.\rdblquote\par
I laughed. \ldblquote Says the heartless human who probably doesn\rquote t have a\par
reflection when he stares in the mirror.\rdblquote\par
He took another threatening step. I took one, too. Backing away from\par
him, waltzing slowly around the room as hunter and prey.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re saying I\rquote m soulless?\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote Completely soulless.\rdblquote\par
He smirked. \ldblquote Okay, try me. Ask me to do something. Make me prove to\par
you that I have a soul.\rdblquote\par
I frowned. \ldblquote Like what?\rdblquote\par
He took another step, pressing me closer to the bed. The anger\par
throbbing around him switched to sexual interest. My breathing picked up\par
as his golden eyes darkened. \ldblquote You\rquote re the one who needs proof, Ms. Weaver.\par
You make the choice.\rdblquote\par
What could I make him do?\par
What would prove he had a heart and my resolution to seduce him\par
would actually work?\par
I know.\par
The one thing that seemed to be the epicentre of whatever I was trying\par
to do.\par
I stopped retreating, locking my knees to prevent myself from losing\par
confidence and running. \ldblquote I have something. A test. It will prove you\rquote re not\par
the monster I think you are.\rdblquote\par
He came closer, a slow smile spreading his lips. \ldblquote Go on.\rdblquote\par
I balled my hands, taking a deep breath. The precipice opened wide. I\par
took a leap of faith. \ldblquote Kiss me.\rdblquote\par
The oxygen in the room disappeared. My heart erupted into flurries.\par
Jethro froze. \ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
Standing tall, I said, \ldblquote You\rquote ve come so close to kissing me. By the\par
stables, in the forest, when you made me pay the First Debt, even in your\par
office. I\rquote m done with your teasing, Jethro. I\rquote m done with you pulling away\par
whenever things get interesting. I want to know why.\rdblquote\par
Jethro\rquote s hands clenched by his sides. \ldblquote And you think a stupid kiss will\par
prove\emdash what will it prove?\rdblquote\par
I narrowed my eyes. \ldblquote That you\rquote re not as cold as you think you are. That\par
you do care\emdash care enough to be affected by kissing your arch enemy.\rdblquote\par
Jethro laughed, but it was laced with uncertainty and...was that fear?\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not kissing you to prove such a ridiculous point.\rdblquote\par
I splayed my hands, mocking him. \ldblquote You said you\rquote d do anything I\par
asked.\rdblquote\par
He chuckled softly. \ldblquote I said something worthwhile.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Kissing me isn\rquote t worthwhile?\rdblquote\par
His gaze latched onto mine. A second ticked past. Another.\par
Then he lost his icy shell. \ldblquote What the fuck do you want from me, Nila?\rdblquote\par
My heart stopped.\par
Nila.\par
He\rquote d called me Nila.\par
I\rquote d won. I\rquote d somehow made him say my name.\par
My heart winged just as surely as my core flickered with desire.\par
Say it again.\par
Let me hear the bliss of winning.\par
Jethro\rquote s eyes widened, noticing his slip, then furious temper etched his\par
face. He stormed forward, threading his fingers around my throat. The\par
smooth edges of his control were now jagged with temper.\par
I backed up until the bed stopped my escape. Jethro followed, his\par
fingers tightening around my neck. \ldblquote Tell me, goddammit. What the fuck are\par
you trying to do?\rdblquote\par
My heart hurt at the indecipherable expression in his gaze. He hid\par
himself so well. The brief flashes of truth I\rquote d gleaned didn\rquote t add up. I was\par
fishing for something that didn\rquote t exist.\par
It does exist. Keep pushing.\par
My eyes were heavy, body pulsing with rapidly building lust. \ldblquote I just\par
want....\rdblquote\par
There was no point to this argument. It was over before it began.\par
\ldblquote I need...\rdblquote\par
To know you are capable of caring, just a little.\par
For you to want me, just a little.\par
For you to find something inside me that prevents you from killing me.\par
It was like wishing for Pegasus to fly in and whisk me away. I wouldn\rquote t\par
get anything I wished for. Whatever I felt for Jethro was misplaced, illadvised, and false. I\rquote d seen him hunt me. I\rquote d seen his cold enjoyment of\par
talking about taking my life. Everything else that I thought I\rquote d seen had\par
been a lie.\par
He breathed hard, his scent of woods and leather surrounding me.\par
My hands flew up to hold his, trying to pry his fingers off. \ldblquote Just...forget\par
it. Let me go. Forget I was stupid enough to say anything.\rdblquote\par
Jethro dropped his hands, pacing away. \ldblquote Forget it? You\rquote re the one\par
bringing it up. Time and time again, you bring it up. I\rquote m fucking sick of you\par
asking me to kiss you.\rdblquote  Dragging a hand through his hair, he added, \ldblquote You\rquote re\par
the one ruining the agreement between us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What agreement?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The debts, Ms. Weaver! That\rquote s all we\rquote re meant to do. I don\rquote t care\par
about your wellbeing or emotional satisfaction. Sex between us is meant to\par
be a punishment, yet you keep making it seem like a reward. A fucking\par
delicious reward.\rdblquote\par
His jaw clenched at another slip, his features blackening. \ldblquote You ruined a\par
straight-forward obligation by trying to fucking kiss me in that coffee shop!\par
This is all your fault. If you\rquote d just been fucking petrified of me, then this\par
would\rquote ve been easy!\rdblquote\par
My head shot up. Jethro was close to losing it. His eloquence became\par
littered with curses.\par
\ldblquote Easy? You think this would\rquote ve been easy? None of this would\rquote ve been\par
easy, Jethro\emdash for either of us. Even if I\rquote d been crying in the corner every\par
time you came to harass me, it wouldn\rquote t have been better. It would\rquote ve just\par
been different.\rdblquote\par
Jethro exploded. \ldblquote It would\rquote ve been better than me fighting a fucking\par
battle every damn day with how much I want to fuck you!\rdblquote\par
My heart swooped, nipples pebbling with the tormented need in his\par
voice.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you think I have the same problem? How can I live with the\par
knowledge that I hate you, that you\rquote re my future killer, yet I can\rquote t stop my\par
body from craving you? Don\rquote t you think I hate the fact that you make me\par
wet against my wishes?\rdblquote\par
Shit, I shouldn\rquote t have said that.\par
Jethro froze, panting hard.\par
The silence was deafening.\par
Sighing, I tugged my plait. \ldblquote Look, I tried to kiss you that night in the\par
coffee shop because for the first time in my life, my father gave me\par
freedom. Can I help it I found you attractive? We\rquote re suffering the same\par
pain. Our bodies want what the mind knows it shouldn\rquote t. It\rquote s the law of\par
chemistry, and I refuse to let you put this disaster on me. You\rquote re the one\par
who stole me. You\rquote re the one in control of my fate. If this is anyone\rquote s fault\par
\emdash it\rquote s yours!\rdblquote\par
The atmosphere changed, shedding its brittle battle for heavy heat and\par
intoxication.\par
His lips twitched. \ldblquote You found me attractive?\rdblquote\par
God, he was so obtuse.\par
I couldn\rquote t stop the insane laugh bubbling from my mouth. \ldblquote Do you\par
honestly think I would\rquote ve sucked you in the forest? Do you think I\par
would\rquote ve writhed on someone else\rquote s fingers the way I did yours? I\rquote m\par
sexually starving but I\rquote m not so desperate to allow someone to touch me\par
unless I want them to!\rdblquote\par
I clamped a hand over my lips. Shit. Another thing I hadn\rquote t meant to\par
say. That was a lie I was hiding unsuccessfully, even from myself. Sex with\par
Jethro was supposed to be a weapon. Whenever I thought of him touching\par
me, it was to win\emdash not to give in to my overpowering urges.\par
I wanted to take from him. Not enjoy what he\rquote d give me.\par
Jethro prowled closer, pinning me against the pole of the four-poster\par
bed. His body heat sparked hot and dangerously close to mine. His hands\par
opened and closed at his side. So close. So temptingly close.\par
\ldblquote This is getting interesting, Ms. Weaver. You mean to tell me you want\par
my cock? You want me to...fuck you?\rdblquote\par
My stomach twisted. Wetness built in my core as the argument switched\par
from exposing his weaknesses to exposing mine.\par
I bit my lip, refusing to answer.\par
He smirked, his eyes dropping to my mouth. His lips parted as his\par
breathing turned heavy and ragged. \ldblquote Tell me what you want from me. You\par
have my undivided attention.\rdblquote\par
All the frustration from dealing with Kite came back. Despite the\par
crudeness of our sexting, I missed messaging. Talking dirty fanned the need\par
inside, amplifying the sexual burn. I had no reprieve from living an endless\par
torture with a man who meant to kill me. A man my body wanted more than\par
anything. A man who gave me the gift of pleasure\emdash who would always be\par
wrapped up in some twisted way in my soul.\par
I embraced the heat of anger, glaring into Jethro\rquote s golden eyes.\par
Don\rquote t do this.\par
You\rquote ll get hurt. Terribly hurt.\par
I couldn\rquote t stop myself.\par
\ldblquote I told you what I want. Kiss me.\rdblquote  My arms swooped up, looping\par
around his neck.\par
He reared back, breaking my hold. His chest rose and fell as he breathed\par
hard. His eyes were almost black with need. Need I was sure reflected in\par
mine. \ldblquote Stop asking that, damn you.\rdblquote  He snapped, \ldblquote Why would I stoop to\par
kissing you? A kiss is emotion. A kiss is a weakness.\rdblquote  Placing his hands on\par
either side of me, he grabbed the post and murmured, \ldblquote I\rquote ve told you time\par
and time again; a kiss is not something you\rquote ll get from me.\rdblquote\par
I moved forward, pressing my chest against his until he broke away. He\par
stepped backward; it was my turn to stalk him for a change. \ldblquote A kiss is\par
nothing. What are you so afraid of?\rdblquote\par
What am I doing?\par
What were we doing?\par
Rules were being broken. Houses were being betrayed.\par
Consequences would come. Pain would be endured. But in that\par
moment, I didn\rquote t care.\par
All I cared about was Jethro\rquote s lips on mine.\par
He dodged my grasp, then forced himself to stand tall and unmovable. I\par
pressed myself against him, looking up into his gaze. His lips were so close.\par
My heart fluttered like a dying hummingbird, my stomach twisted.\par
So...close.\par
I couldn\rquote t move.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t shift back, he stood there, his hips flush against mine.\par
Suddenly, his hands came up, grabbing my waist, holding me in place.\par
We didn\rquote t speak, only breathed. The truth crackled around us. We knew\par
how dangerous this fight was, how frayed our self-control had become.\par
We\rquote d been dancing this tango for weeks, and the electricity between us\par
was a lightning storm threatening to incinerate everything in its path.\par
\ldblquote Stop. Stop playing me. What did you hope to achieve? That I\rquote d kiss\par
you? Fuck you? Come to care for you? That I\rquote d fall in love with you.\rdblquote\par
Jethro dropped his voice to a whisper. \ldblquote That I wouldn\rquote t kill you?\rdblquote  He shook\par
his head. \ldblquote You\rquote re still as clueless as the day I stole you.\rdblquote\par
You don\rquote t believe that.\par
\ldblquote Prove it.\rdblquote\par
His nostrils flared. \ldblquote I will not.\rdblquote\par
Cocking my chin, I anchored myself in as much courage as possible.\par
\ldblquote Prove it, Jethro. Prove how cold you are by giving me something I\par
desperately need.\rdblquote\par
I need to see there is hope. Just a small shred of hope.\par
\ldblquote What makes you think I can be manipulated? I don\rquote t care about your\par
needs or desires.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Liar,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote You do care. Otherwise, you wouldn't still be here.\par
You wouldn\rquote t be fighting this.\rdblquote  I rested my hands on his chest, digging my\par
fingernails into his t-shirt. \ldblquote You would\rquote ve struck me and left if you were\par
anything like you portray.\rdblquote\par
I stood on my tiptoes, reaching for his mouth. \ldblquote I told you, you\rquote re a\par
hypocrite.\rdblquote\par
He paused, calculation dark in his eyes. \ldblquote One kiss?\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote One kiss.\rdblquote\par
Jethro's control broke. \ldblquote Just one fucking kiss? Don\rquote t you know what\par
you\rquote re asking from me? I don\rquote t want to fucking kiss you!\rdblquote\par
My heart broke. Was I so repulsive he didn\rquote t want his lips anywhere on\par
mine?\par
I withered in his gaze, falling back to my position of Weaver Whore.\par
But then, I stopped. This was the only time I might get him this undone, this\par
close to snapping. It might be my only hope.\par
Glaring, I snarled, \ldblquote Kiss me. Give me one fracture of human company,\par
and I\rquote ll never say another word to you again. I\rquote ll be whatever you want.\par
Just kiss me!\rdblquote\par
His eyes narrowed. \ldblquote You\rquote re an idiot.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you keep telling me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re wasting your time.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you keep telling me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to kiss you!\rdblquote\par
I lashed out. My arms came up. I opened my palm. And I slapped the\par
self-righteous, egotistical arsehole on the cheek.\par
The moment went from lust-heavy to stagnant with violence. We stared,\par
caught dead centre in war.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a fucking nightmare,\rdblquote  he snapped.\par
\ldblquote Kiss me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re ruining my life.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Kiss me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Kiss me, Jethro. Kiss me. Just fucking kiss me and give me\emdash\rdblquote\par
His body crashed against mine. His hands flew up, grabbing my cheeks\par
and holding me firm. His lips, oh his lips, they bruised mine as his head\par
tilted, and with pure anger, he gave me what I\rquote d wanted for weeks.\par
He kissed me.\par
My lungs were empty\emdash he\rquote d stolen all my air, but I no longer survived\par
on oxygen. I survived on his mouth, his taste, his unbridled energy pouring\par
down my throat.\par
His tongue tore past my lips, taking me savage and hungry. There was\par
nothing sweet or gentle. This was a punishment. A reminder that I hadn\rquote t\par
won. He wasn\rquote t kissing me. He was fighting me in every underhanded way.\par
His hands dropped from my cheeks, cupping my breasts. The violence\par
in his touch throbbed instantly. I arched my back, opening my mouth wider\par
to scream, but he swallowed my cries, kissing me deeper, harder, stealing\par
every inch of sanity I had left.\par
I thought a kiss would put me on even ground\emdash show him that he did\par
care. That he was human\emdash just like me. I hadn\rquote t gambled on being\par
detonated into a billion tiny pieces that had no notion of who I\rquote d been\par
before he\rquote d stolen my soul.\par
He backed me up, faster and faster to the bed. His breath saturated my\par
lungs. His touch skated from my cheeks, to my breasts, to my waist, to my\par
arse. Jerking me hard against the huge length of arousal in his jeans.\par
The bed stopped our motion, tumbling us onto the sheets, but nothing,\par
absolutely nothing could unweld our lips.\par
We were joined, kissing, frantic, desperate.\par
He groaned as I slid my hands beneath his t-shirt, needing to feel his\par
skin against mine.\par
He was blood and fire and heat.\par
So different to the glacier he pretended to be.\par
\ldblquote Fuck,\rdblquote  he grunted as my fingers drifted to his buckle. I thanked my\par
past of making countless pairs of trousers as I ripped through the barrier and\par
dived into his boxer-briefs with eager fingers.\par
His teeth clamped around my bottom lip as I stroked him. The faint\par
taste of metallic smeared between us as our kiss turned into pure violence.\par
My vision went black, seeing only white sparks and sensation.\par
Jethro\rquote s hands suddenly went to my waist, rolling off me to shove up\par
my dress and tear my knickers from my hips. He shoved them desperately\par
down my legs.\par
The world spun faster and faster as we discarded every item in our way\par
and left the rest. Our lips never unglued; our heads twisted and turned as\par
our tongues slipped and glided.\par
Moans and groans echoed in my ears, but I didn\rquote t know who made\par
them. Fingers bruised my skin, nails scratched my flesh, and our souls grew\par
teeth\emdash snapping and tearing, trying to consume the other before it was too\par
late.\par
We were furious.\par
We were wild.\par
We were completely delirious with lust.\par
Jethro grabbed my hip, planting me hard against the mattress. My inner\par
thighs tickled with wetness of all-consuming desire. I\rquote d never been so wet.\par
Never been so slick and dying to be taken.\par
His hand disappeared between my legs, wedging his naked hips\par
between them. The moment he found how much I wanted him, he groaned.\par
\ldblquote You\emdash fuck\emdash I\emdash\rdblquote\par
My heart winged at his incoherency. I loved that he\rquote d given up, given\par
in. Stabbing my fingernails into his lower back, I panted, \ldblquote Don\rquote t stop. I\par
don\rquote t want you to stop.\rdblquote\par
His head flopped forward, his lips capturing mine again in a soulsearing kiss. His five o\rquote clock shadow razored across my sensitive skin, but I\par
loved the burning, loved the assault.\par
My back arched as one long finger entered me.\par
\ldblquote Yes\emdash God...\rdblquote\par
His tongue slipped between my open lips, forcing me to kiss him back. I\par
struggled to pay attention to the exhilarating taste of him and the eyepopping sensation of his finger rubbing my inner walls.\par
The tingly precipice he\rquote d shown me that first day returned; I latched\par
onto it hungrily.\par
I wiggled closer, needing more...needing something bigger, broader...I\par
needed his cock.\par
He grunted as he forced a second finger inside me. The garbled noise\par
might\rquote ve had words strung together, but they poured unheard down my\par
throat.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t stop.\rdblquote  I arched my hips, welcoming, imploring him to thrust\par
harder.\par
I didn\rquote t care I wasn\rquote t on birth control. I didn\rquote t care about anything but\par
driving us out of his nightmarish world and into a new dimension.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t\emdash you don\rquote t\emdash\rdblquote  Jethro groaned between kisses.\par
\ldblquote Yes, you can. You can\rquote t stop. Not now.\rdblquote\par
His fingers froze.\par
I refused to let him overthink this. It was my turn to bite his lip. Hard.\par
He bellowed...then...he went rogue. The final barrier he\rquote d always stayed\par
behind shattered, and he poured his broken soul into my being.\par
His fingers hooked inside me, making me unbelievably wetter. His lips\par
nibbled and ravaged, leaving me hollow of thoughts and humanity.\par
His free hand shot to my chest, twisting my nipple beneath the fabric of\par
my dress while his fingers plunged harder, faster inside me.\par
The invasion blew my mind.\par
It was too much. It\rquote s not enough.\par
I arched in his hold, spreading my legs wider. All thoughts were gone.\par
All worries were dead.\par
I didn\rquote t care how I looked or what would become of me afterward.\par
I just wanted him.\par
\ldblquote Take me. Please.\rdblquote\par
He stopped kissing me. His lips swollen, red. His eyes frantic with\par
passion and affliction. His jaw tightened, and for a horrible second, I\par
thought he\rquote d refuse. He knew my sexual history; there was no reason to fear\par
taking me bare. I didn\rquote t know his, but he was impeccable in all facets of his\par
life. Somehow, I couldn't see him sleeping around. I couldn\rquote t see him\par
putting himself in such a vulnerable position.\par
His lips crashed against mine again, his tongue tearing past my lips. I\par
grabbed the back of his neck, forcing our mouths harder together.\par
His fingers disappeared from inside me, smearing my wetness onto my\par
thigh as he pushed me ever wider. I let my legs spread shamelessly. I was\par
beyond decency or concern. My body was flushed, acutely sensitive, and\par
entirely feverish.  \par
In a seamless male move, Jethro clamped my hip and pulled himself\par
higher. The relief at finally feeling the broad head of his cock against my\par
entrance sent me spiralling into madness.\par
\ldblquote Shit, you feel...\rdblquote  His voice was a decadent purr. \ldblquote You feel like...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Like freedom,\rdblquote  I breathed, taut and trembling, just waiting for him to\par
enter me.\par
His eyes flared wide, dazzling me with bronze need. \ldblquote Yes, exactly.\rdblquote\par
The moment stretched for far too long, somehow turning this from\par
fucking to something unbearably precious.\par
With our gazes still locked, he pushed inside me.\par
A breathless cry escaped me as discomfort blazed. I squirmed beneath\par
him, trying to find relief from the pinching, consuming pressure of him\par
filling me.\par
I\rquote d been terrified once of taking him. Horrified at his huge size, so sure\par
he would never fit, but inch-by-inch he stretched me, changing my whole\par
perception.\par
My core rippled around him, welcoming and rebelling against his\par
invasion.\par
He was perfect.\par
Utterly perfect.\par
Our foreheads crashed together as he sank deeper and deeper. Only\par
once he was completely sheathed did he close his eyes and kiss me again.\par
Pleasure seeped from the one place where we were joined\emdash the only place\par
we were naked.\par
It was carnal, lewd, and fit my salacious need better than any position.\par
I reached up to kiss him back, diving my fingers into his sweat-misted\par
hair. His body radiated heat, trembling above me as I sucked his tongue into\par
my mouth.\par
He didn\rquote t stop me. He didn\rquote t try to control me. He gave that part of\par
himself, so gently and sweetly, my heart cracked with unknown joy.\par
I rocked my hips, grinding myself on his thick cock, seeking the solace\par
from the overbearing need to explode. My mind scrambled with the\par
primitive instinct to fuck, to claim, to drive each other until we burst and\par
this intolerable hunger would be sated.\par
The rawness of being laid bare, of being full to the brink and taken so\par
thoroughly, pushed me to the edge of an orgasm.\par
My knuckles turned white as I anchored myself on his waist. My mind\par
swirled with vertigo as the first scrumptious rock annihilated my world.\par
There was no shame or shyness.\par
This was beyond that.\par
This was the first true thing that\rquote d happened to me in my entire life.\par
My gaze locked with his, unable to look away.\par
In that moment, he owned me. I\rquote d do anything he wanted. And he knew\par
it.\par
He rocked again, sending spindles of fireworks in my blood. The smell\par
of our desire laced the room, a seductive mix of wrongness and right.\par
My nipples pebbled as he drove into me again; my breasts throbbed,\par
heavier than they\rquote d ever been.\par
This was what I\rquote d wanted, what I\rquote d fought for. Every time we\rquote d duelled,\par
I\rquote d wanted to possess him, to climb on top of him, and impale myself on his\par
aristocratic cock.\par
\ldblquote Fuck,\rdblquote  Jethro groaned, driving hard, rocking his hips to an uneven\par
rhythm.\par
His back was granite beneath his t-shirt, his skin a rippling volcano of\par
heat.\par
I gasped, flexing around him as he thrust once, twice.\par
\ldblquote More. Please, more.\rdblquote\par
Somehow this had turned from war to intimacy. We\rquote d both stepped over\par
the line, and I had no clue how to go back.\par
His gaze was turbulent as he drove again. I knew he struggled with what\par
I did\emdash sensed he was just as ruined and destroyed as me. We\rquote d been\par
fighting against each other, but ultimately, we\rquote d won and lost.\par
Eye-to-eye, skin-to-skin, there was no room for bullshit or lies.\par
And it was perfectly petrifying.\par
I opened wider, taking more of him.\par
He sucked in a loud breath, stretching me exquisitely.\par
There was no way any other man could ever compete with the elegant\par
chilliness of Jethro. He was exactly like the iceberg he favoured, only in\par
different lights, more truth shone. Some bright and light and blinding,\par
others black and deep and terrifying.\par
But it didn\rquote t matter, because in that moment, I was in the heart of the\par
iceberg, and all I found was passion.\par
Our rhythm lost its sedateness, straining toward a frenzy to mate. To\par
dominate.\par
His pace picked up, bruising me in all new ways. \ldblquote Fuck, I want to\par
come.\rdblquote\par
My neck arched, rising off the mattress. \ldblquote Then come.\rdblquote  Searing pleasure\par
split me in two as he drove explicitly hard.\par
A gleam of masculine smugness filled his eyes, knowing he had me\par
completely in his control, completely submitting.\par
He groaned as my core rippled around his cock.\par
Then, he lost it.\par
His lips descended fast and hard on mine as his hips surged upward,\par
driving my spine deeper into the mattress.\par
My mouth popped open as every nerve-ending zeroed to my womb, to\par
the melting liquid coating Jethro as he claimed me.\par
Then, pain.\par
Glorious, furious, mind-numbing pain as he thrust harder and harder,\par
faster and faster.\par
Every inch I screamed with agony. He was too big, too long, too damn\par
much. Even with the slow acclimatization and gentle welcome, I wasn\rquote t\par
wide enough, long enough, prepared enough.\par
I cried out as he drove never-endingly into me.\par
There were no more walls, no more locks or secrets. This was him.\par
Caught up in lust\emdash both sexual and savage. He gave me what I wanted. He\par
gave me himself with nothing hidden.\par
His lips opened beneath mine as he thrust again, hitting the entrance of\par
my womb. I couldn\rquote t breathe. I couldn\rquote t think. His incessant need to take\par
never ceased, his kisses never stopped.\par
Sweat sprinkled my skin as he drugged me body and soul. The room\par
fogged with the sounds of skin slapping against skin and heavy breathing.\par
But then, the pain disappeared, switching into exquisite pleasure.\par
My body deliquesced, adjusting to his huge invasion.\par
My hips arched to meet his.\par
His heart thundered against mine.\par
We drove again and again and again, our grunts and moans and groans\par
plaiting into one angry battle.\par
I scraped my fingernails down his back, grabbing his behind, driving\par
him harder still.\par
I didn\rquote t think I\rquote d survive it. I worried we\rquote d end up killing each other\par
before we finished.\par
The pleasure was too much!\par
The dark promise of finding a satisfying ending seemed an impossible\par
task.\par
A curling, unfolding orgasm barrelled from nowhere. I tensed, moaning\par
beneath his invasion.\par
My legs stiffened as he took me ruthlessly, never stopping his angry\par
thrusting.\par
I couldn\rquote t control my body. I didn\rquote t want to.\par
With a scream, I came so fucking hard I almost passed out with vertigo.\par
Ecstatic spasms of bliss undid my world as surely as threads from gossamer.\par
My mind fluttered like a flimsy ghost, deprived of its old home\emdash decimated\par
by euphoria.\par
The room swam. I felt sick and overjoyed and ruined.\par
Jethro cupped my throat, linking his fingers through my diamond collar\par
as his eyes shot black. His jaw locked as he witnessed me falling apart. I\par
held his gaze, even though I wanted to look away and hide just how\par
shattered I was.\par
I was possessed, enraptured.\par
Another wave of paradise shuddered through my core, making me jerk\par
with spent muscles.\par
Jethro didn\rquote t stop. The minute my pussy stopped clenching around him,\par
he gave himself permission to follow. I moaned as his hips pounded\par
unforgivingly into mine, punishing me with heavenly corruption.\par
The tip of his cock hit the top of me with every lunge, bruising me,\par
ensuring I would feel the ache of his possession for days afterward.\par
With every thrust, he grew in size, throbbing hotter, thicker, harder,\par
driving toward the finish he craved. His face etched with danger, his eyes\par
positively beastly. His self-control was non-existent as he hurled himself\par
over the edge.\par
He orgasmed with a primitive snarl of feral ecstasy, his release\par
splintering him into pieces.\par
\ldblquote Shit, shit, shit!\rdblquote  His voice echoed with ferocity and vulnerability at\par
coming completely undone. Pulling out, he grabbed the base of his cock\par
and fisted himself as ribbons of white liquid shot through the air and\par
splattered against my pubic hair and lower belly.\par
His stomach rippled as spurt after spurt drained him, marking me with\par
musky threads of semen.\par
Breathing hard, he looked down at the mess he\rquote d made\emdash the evidence\par
of our betrayal to hatred, family, and debts.\par
We couldn\rquote t deny what\rquote d just happened.\par
It wasn\rquote t just sex. It wasn\rquote t just lust.\par
It was something more.\par
I expected him to leave. To hate me.\par
But he folded over me, planting his slippery cock against my belly,\par
smearing the now translucent mess until we stuck uncomfortably together.\par
My core cramped and trembled from such abuse, but I\rquote d never felt so\par
languid or tranquil.\par
Slowly, hesitantly, I brushed my lips across his, comforting him.\par
He didn\rquote t say a word, nor did he kiss me back. His head fell forward,\par
nuzzling his damp face into the curve of my neck.\par
I froze as his strong arms wrapped around me, crushing me against him.\par
Tears raced into being as my heart twisted and pulverised. I couldn\rquote t\par
handle him holding me like that\emdash especially after what\rquote d happened. I\par
needed him to be cool and aloof if I had any chance at keeping my soul in\par
one piece.\par
Liar.\par
It was already shredded, like shards in a breeze.\par
Jethro\rquote s heart hammered against mine, beating hard, slowing its\par
drumming the longer he held me.\par
We stayed like that for a long time. Too long. Both of us acknowledging\par
wordlessly what we would never be able to do with conversation.\par
We were stripped. Naked. Exposed.\par
Woefully defenceless against each other.\par
With every second that passed, I tried to repair the damage he\rquote d done. I\par
felt him trying to do the same, gathering the pieces of his fa\f0\'e7ade, gluing\par
them unsuccessfully back into place.\par
Moment by moment, our connection drifted, slipping us further and\par
further away.\par
My skin turned to goosebumps, exchanging sweaty lust for aftermath\par
regret.\par
Finally, Jethro pulled away, climbing off me, tainting any illusion of\par
togetherness. Not making eye contact, he whispered, \ldblquote What just happened\par
can never happen again. If it does, they\rquote ll see the truth, and I won\rquote t have\par
any power to keep you.\rdblquote\par
His powerful neck convulsed as he swallowed. \ldblquote We\rquote re fucked, Nila\par
Weaver. Well and truly fucked.\rdblquote\par
Jethro.\par
GODDAMMIT.\par
I needed to get out of there.\par
I needed to fix myself, find my ice.\par
I need to destroy the camera footage.\par
No one must know. No one.\par
Not looking at Nila, I grabbed my jeans off the floor and jerked them\par
on. I couldn\rquote t get a grip on my breathing. Everything inside me had\par
switched upside down, and just the thought of walking away from her, after\par
something so life changing, brought me to my fucking knees.\par
But I had no choice.\par
My mind replayed sinking inside her\f1\emdash hearing her moans, feeling her\par
clench around me as she shattered.\par
Fuck.\par
Go.\par
Before it\rquote s too late.\par
Before she sees.\par
Before he sees.\par
Before everyone sees the goddamn truth.\par
Dragging a hand through my hair, I glanced at her once out of the corner\par
of my eye. She sat dishevelled and used. Her dress bunched around her\par
waist, her broken knickers discarded on the floor, and her lips swollen and\par
red.\par
I refused to look between her legs and see the sticky evidence of the\par
best orgasm of my life. I thought blowing down her throat was amazing, but\par
it\rquote d been nothing compared to thrusting inside her.\par
I\rquote d held back at the start, knowing I would be too big for her.\par
But like everything about Nila, she\rquote d surprised me. She\rquote d been able to\par
take my entire length, and the moment I\rquote d felt her body give and welcome,\par
that was it for me.\par
I\rquote d fucking lost it.\par
\ldblquote Jethro\emdash\rdblquote\par
I held up my hand, cursing the tremble in my muscles. \ldblquote Don\rquote t. Stay here\par
for the rest of the day. Do. Not. Tell. Anyone. You hear me?\rdblquote  My eyes\par
narrowed, and I hoped I looked vicious and crazed, rather than unguarded\par
and scared shitless about the consequences of what we\rquote d done.\par
I knew what they\rquote d do to her if they found out.\par
She didn\rquote t.\par
It was best to keep it that way.\par
When Nila didn\rquote t respond, I growled, \ldblquote Promise me. This is our fucking\par
secret. Don\rquote t tell anyone. Got it?\rdblquote\par
Wrapping her arms around her knees, she looked five years younger\par
than she actually was. Her legs were coltish and long, her grace almost\par
balletic. She was the perfect willowy female, but with soft curves and\par
fragility came danger.\par
Danger in the form of being so fucking breakable.\par
\ldblquote I won\rquote t tell anyone, Jethro.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good.\rdblquote  Stomping to the door, my mind was already on the things I\rquote d\par
have to take care of in order to hide this catastrophe.\par
Twisting the key, Nila\rquote s voice stopped me. \ldblquote When\emdash when will I see you\par
again? Are you disappearing?\rdblquote  The sheets rustled as she shifted on the bed.\par
I refused to turn and look at her. I couldn\rquote t. I didn\rquote t trust myself not to\par
grab her and sink inside her wet, tempting heat again.\par
\ldblquote Stop asking questions, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
She sighed angrily. \ldblquote So, we\rquote re back to Ms. Weaver again? Stop it. Just\par
stop it. Don\rquote t run from me, and call me Nila, for God\rquote s sake.\rdblquote\par
Looking over my shoulder, I tried to ignore her flushed skin, her sated\par
sigh, but most of all, I pretended I didn\rquote t see the connection blazing in her\par
eyes. The understanding.\par
It pissed me off just as much as it made me crave a simpler existence.\par
\ldblquote I meant what I said, Ms. Weaver. We\rquote re well and truly fucked. So keep\par
that pretty little mouth closed and forget what happened.\rdblquote\par
Opening the door, I added low so she wouldn\rquote t hear, \ldblquote You\rquote ve destroyed\par
me, Nila. And now it\rquote s my job to make sure they don\rquote t destroy you, too.\rdblquote\f0\par
Nila.\par
THE MOMENT JETHRO left, I knew I wouldn\rquote t be seeing him again for a\par
while.\par
Sure enough, a week passed where my life fell into a routine of\par
sketching, reading, and hanging out with Kes and the Black Diamond\par
brothers.\par
On the seventh day of missing Jethro\f1\emdash of having erotic dreams that\par
made me wake on the echoes of orgasms and of living with a heart tied into\par
so many knots it\rquote d forgotten how to beat properly\emdash I gave up trying to hide\par
my confused sadness and spent the afternoon outside.\par
The summer had finally given way to autumn, and the air was crisp. The\par
leaves hadn\rquote t started to turn yet, but they bristled in the breeze, just waiting\par
for that certain magic to turn them from green to orange.\par
My latest sketchbook was almost full, and my fingers were chilly as I\par
put last-minute details onto a matching sable coat that would go with my\par
Rainbow Diamond compilation. Over the past few days, I\rquote d created my\par
favourite collection yet. Turned out, I wasn\rquote t one of the lucky people who\par
thrived on stress to meet deadlines. I preferred lazy afternoons with birds\par
chirping and insects humming in the shrubbery.\par
A shadow fell across the paper.\par
Shielding my eyes with my hand covered in pencil smudges, I looked\par
up into the golden eyes of Kestrel.\par
\ldblquote Been looking for you.\rdblquote  He smiled. His face was open and scruffy with\par
a five o\rquote clock shadow. He wore blue denim jeans, a black shirt, and a\par
leather jacket.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m hardly hiding.\rdblquote  I spanned my arm, encompassing the pretty\par
lounger, lace umbrella, and side table complete with a carafe of tart\par
cranberry juice and sugar crystals.\par
\ldblquote No, you\rquote re not hiding.\rdblquote  His smile fell as he shoved his hands into his\par
pockets. \ldblquote Have I done something to upset you?\rdblquote\par
My heart dropped to hear the distress in his voice. \ldblquote What? No, of course\par
not.\rdblquote\par
I waited to see if he would ask why I never messaged him back after his\par
text of wanting to kiss me, but the questions lurking in his eyes suddenly\par
disappeared. \ldblquote Okay, just checking.\rdblquote\par
Ever since telling my father off and hearing the passion in Kite\rquote s latest\par
text, I hadn\rquote t been strong enough to turn my phone on. My past scared me,\par
and I preferred to keep my head in the sand for a little while longer. Not to\par
mention, I\rquote d been distracted with repeating replays of Jethro thrusting\par
between my thighs and an orgasm that seemed to live in my every\par
heartbeat.\par
Tilting my head, I asked, \ldblquote Why do you ask?\rdblquote\par
Come on. Be honest, so we can get this out in the open once and for all.\par
Kes cleared his throat. \ldblquote Well, to be honest, you\rquote ve seemed...distant the\par
past few days. Even when you\rquote re hanging with me in the saloon, your mind\par
is elsewhere.\rdblquote\par
Yep, it\rquote s reliving the best sexual experience of my life. With your brother,\par
no less.\par
It\rquote d taken a miracle for me to walk normally and not show the world\par
that Jethro had bruised me deeply. I hadn\rquote t stopped cramping for hours\par
afterward. But I wouldn\rquote t trade the pain for anything. As much as the\par
discomfort drained me, I wouldn\rquote t change a thing. Every movement\emdash every\par
clench of muscles shot my mind back to the pure bliss I\rquote d found in his\par
arms.\par
It wasn\rquote t just sex.\par
I\rquote d repeated that over and over again.\par
It wasn\rquote t just sex, but I had yet to determine what exactly had happened\par
between us. Debtee and Debtor were no longer relevant.\par
\ldblquote Just had a lot on my mind. I\rquote ve been worried about the Second Debt.\rdblquote\par
Not entirely a lie, as the days ticked past, I freaked out wondering how\par
and when I\rquote d be summoned to pay the next one.\par
Kes sighed, looking chastised. \ldblquote Shit, yeah of course. Sorry.\rdblquote  Running a\par
hand through his hair, he perched on the end of my lounger. The watery sun\par
dappled his face as he hesitantly reached out and touched my knee.\par
His touch warmed me through the comfy pair of jeans I had on. The\par
grey hoody I usually wore when working at the Weaver headquarters was\par
marked and torn in places, making me look totally underdressed.\par
\ldblquote Do you need anything? Want to talk?\rdblquote  he asked. His face was earnest,\par
young\emdash entirely confideable.\par
Suddenly, I wanted to tell him everything. About my crazy feelings for\par
Jethro, for my regret over not replying to him as Kite. I wanted to purge and\par
get it out of my heart.\par
What are you thinking?\par
You can never do that.\par
I could never confide. Not because I\rquote d slept with his brother. Not\par
because I had no words to confess how much I\rquote d unravelled when Jethro\par
drove deep and dangerous inside me. Not because of the traitorous truth\emdash\par
that in the moment when I\rquote d come around his cock, I\rquote d never felt so alive or\par
so dead.\par
I could never confide, because my emotions for Kes were simple\emdash I\par
liked him. I appreciated his friendship and enjoyed his company. But that\par
wasn\rquote t enough for him. He might have gone out of his way to make me feel\par
welcome because of some warped instruction from Cut, but he genuinely\par
liked having me around.\par
I wasn\rquote t inexperienced enough not to understand when another was\par
attracted to me. The tingles of awareness when he looked at me made me\par
blush and glance away.\par
No matter how much I liked him, though, it wasn\rquote t close to what I felt\par
for his brother. Which gave me yet more strength as Kes was the lethal one\par
\emdash to me at least. He had the power to undermine my newfound courage\emdash\par
the snake just waiting to coil around me and asphyxiate me in a hug.\par
I didn\rquote t think he knew how nervous he made me\emdash how anxious I was of\par
his kindness.\par
\ldblquote You sure nothing happened? You\rquote re completely in your head.\rdblquote  Kes\par
nudged my knee again, capturing my attention.\par
I smiled quickly. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m positive. Nothing\rquote s happened, apart from\par
leaving my old life and entering this new Hawk world.\rdblquote  I hoped the minor\par
zing would stop him from prying.\par
Jethro said not to tell a soul about what we did.\par
I intended to obey him.\par
And I couldn\rquote t do that if Kes kept asking me in his tender voice.\par
I shifted my knee away from his warm fingers. Sitting cross-legged, I\par
said, \ldblquote Thanks for the concern, but I\rquote m good. Truly.\rdblquote\par
He scowled, not believing me. But he let it go.\par
We sat in silence for a moment as his eyes fell to my sketches. \ldblquote They\rquote re\par
really good.\rdblquote\par
I stroked the page, thinking how much I\rquote d love to start creating. I\par
missed my studio back home. I never thought I\rquote d admit it, but it was true.\par
\ldblquote If you want to start making them, you can place the order for the\par
material and whatever else you need. Bonnie will make sure it gets to you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bonnie?\rdblquote\par
He smiled, showing perfect teeth. \ldblquote My grandmother. She\rquote s in charge of\par
expenses for the business and family. If you want something, just tell me,\par
and I\rquote ll make sure she orders it.\rdblquote\par
My mind raced with thoughts of demanding all types of things. How\par
about a compass or a helicopter to find my way to freedom?\par
\ldblquote Do you think she\rquote d give me a one-way ticket out of here?\rdblquote  I laughed\par
softly, knowing I could get away with such a joke around Kes. Jethro\emdash\par
never. But Kes...he understood that my captivity was fucked up and was\par
pretty open with what he thought about the Debt Inheritance.\par
Was that a cleverly played ploy or the truth?\par
\ldblquote Believe me, if there was a way, I would.\rdblquote\par
I froze at his confession.\par
Awkwardness fell, and I hunted for a different subject before we treaded\par
deeper into forbidden waters.\par
\ldblquote Did you need me for something? Is that why you were looking for\par
me?\rdblquote\par
My body flushed with panic at the thought of paying another debt so\par
soon. For some reason, I felt at ease, knowing the Hawks meant to keep me\par
for years. Unless they had thousands of debts for me to repay, I had some\par
holiday time between repayments.\par
Kes looked into the distance, drinking in the view of Hawksridge Hall.\par
No matter how long I resided at this estate, I would never get over the\par
impressive turrets, gleaming windows, or dripping wealth.\par
\ldblquote I came as a favour.\rdblquote  He narrowed his eyes. \ldblquote Jethro is looking for you.\rdblquote\par
I blanched. My heart consumed with both happiness and fear.\par
What did he want? To punish me for what happened between us? Did he\par
hate me so much that he\rquote d blame the incredibleness of what\rquote d happened\par
completely on me?\par
That wouldn\rquote t be fair.\par
But nothing about Jethro was fair.\par
He was certifiably crazy.\par
But...thawing.\par
\ldblquote Do you know what he wanted?\rdblquote  I murmured, flicking the cover of my\par
sketchpad closed.\par
Kes shook his head, spreading his long legs in front of him. \ldblquote Nope.\par
Where did you guys end up the night of the fireworks, by the way? You\par
missed the grand finale.\rdblquote\par
I fought to keep a natural smile on my lips and not relive the pang of\par
breaking in his office. \ldblquote Nowhere. He just wanted to make sure I\rquote d behaved\par
while he\rquote d ignored me for two weeks.\rdblquote\par
That was another thing I couldn\rquote t tell Kes. The Sacramental Pledge\par
Jethro had made me sign was our secret. Another one. Seems he\rquote s dragging\par
you deeper into his secretive world.\par
Inch by inch, he was drowning me in his icy existence, making me an\par
accomplice rather than a hostage.\par
I shifted, sitting higher. Even a week later, I still winced from internal\par
bruising of Jethro\rquote s passion.\par
\ldblquote You okay?\rdblquote  Kes caressed my arm in concern. My skin warmed beneath\par
his fingertips, but it was nothing like the sharp sting whenever Jethro\par
touched me.\par
I patted his hand. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m fine. Thanks.\rdblquote\par
Kes was everything I wanted in a man. Warm, dependable, sweet with a\par
kinky side he only showed in messages. If that\rquote s true, of course.\par
God, it hurt my head trying to figure out these men.\par
Jethro was everything I never wanted in a man. Temper, complexities,\par
secrets, and a dominating side that terrified.  Yet I feel safer with him than I\par
do with Kes. Was that stupid, or was there something instinctual inside that\par
understood more than I did?\par
Why was I drawn to Jethro? Why did I have no hope in hell of ever\par
forgetting about him, even while his younger brother was so much nicer?\par
And why did I prefer the man who admitted he would kill me?\par
You can\rquote t be serious?\par
I sighed. I was deadly serious. I wasn\rquote t in love with Jethro. I didn\rquote t\par
think I could ever fall in love with someone who I could never understand,\par
but I couldn\rquote t deny I was desperately in lust with him.\par
So much so, my mouth watered at the barest thought of having him\par
inside me again. My core grew wet at the slightest memory of what we\rquote d\par
done. And my heart fluttered at the very idea of conquering him.\par
Kes cupped my cheek. \ldblquote Nila...talk to me. You okay? He didn\rquote t hurt you\par
again, did he? I know the First Debt needed to be paid, so I can\rquote t get angry\par
about that payment, but anything else outside what is owed is completely\par
uncalled for.\rdblquote  Temper made his golden eyes boil with fire. \ldblquote Tell me\emdash what\par
did he do?\rdblquote\par
He made me doubt everything.\par
He owned me the second he kissed me.\par
He made me grow claws, and I like it.\par
\ldblquote Nothing.\rdblquote  I smiled, laughing away the uncomfortableness. It wasn\rquote t\par
right to have Kes care so genuinely about my welfare, not when I didn\rquote t\par
know if it was true or fake.\par
If it wasn\rquote t real, he was a fabulous actor. My heart raced at the concern\par
in his face, reacting to the compassion in his eyes. It\rquote d been a long time\par
since anyone looked at me with...pity. V and Tex used it more than any\par
other expression, keeping me in my place of uncertain, fumbling daughter.\par
Now, it just made me angry. So damn angry.\par
\ldblquote Hey...\rdblquote  Kes leaned forward, gathering me in a hug. \ldblquote It\rquote s okay.\par
Whatever he\rquote s done, we can fix it.\rdblquote\par
I stiffened in his embrace. Rage bubbled in my blood.\par
I felt...played.\par
What is he doing?\par
The longer he held me, the more my anger boiled, morphing into\par
recklessness. Words tingled my tongue\emdash words I shouldn\rquote t say out loud.\par
What\rquote s your purpose?\par
What do you get if I fall for your tricks?\par
Then guilt smothered my lividity. What if I had it all wrong and\par
Kite/Kes was the one true person in this slithering cesspool of lies?\par
Perhaps Kes was right, and I should fear Jethro more.\par
Maybe I was totally wrong about everything.\par
I slouched in his arms, giving in to the pounding headache and\par
questions.\par
Once again, Kes had the uncanny ability to make me doubt. Jethro gave\par
me power, but with one hug, Kes took it all away.\par
I transformed into Nila\emdash dutiful daughter and fumbling twin sister, not\par
the fierce fighter I was when Jethro called me out to fight.\par
Even fucking each other had been a fight.\par
A delicious, incredible, insidious fight.\par
Kes\rquote s arms tensed as he pulled back, holding me firm. My eyes widened\par
as he leaned forward, pressing his dry lips against mine.\par
Whoa\emdash what?\par
I locked in place as Kes closed his eyes, licking the seam of my mouth\par
with a questing tongue.\par
What should I do?\par
I couldn\rquote t move.\par
His taste slipped through my lips, bringing the richness of coffee and\par
chocolate. His heat was nice but not consuming. His touch was gentle but\par
not devouring. There were no fireworks, no detonation, just sweet...\par
I whimpered as his tongue speared into my mouth against my approval.\par
\ldblquote Kestrel.\rdblquote\par
My heart galloped at the barely muttered word.\par
We jumped apart.\par
Guilt saturated my lungs, even though I had nothing to be guilty about.\par
After all, I\rquote d been told I was to be passed around the Hawks.\par
So why did Jethro stand rigid and furious above us with his hands fisted\par
by his side? \ldblquote I see you did as I asked and found her but went against my\par
orders and decided to keep her for yourself.\rdblquote\par
Oh, shit.\par
Kes stood up, his body tensing against his brother\rquote s wrath. \ldblquote I could say\par
the same thing about you the other night.\rdblquote\par
My eyes whipped between the two men. How much did Kes know?\par
Jethro's eyes flashed, looking over Kes\rquote s shoulder directly into mine.\par
I saw a question and an answer.\par
Did you fucking tell him?\par
Because I didn\rquote t.\par
My heart bucked against my ribcage. Subtly, I shook my head, giving\par
him my oath that our secret was still safe.\par
Jethro relaxed just a little. His gaze landed back on his brother\emdash the\par
man he now saw as a rival.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t monopolise her all the time, Jet.\rdblquote  Kes spoke quietly, keeping\par
his temper in check. I didn\rquote t want to come between family, even if it was\par
the worst family on earth who meant to exterminate mine.\par
Jethro balled his hands. \ldblquote You\rquote re forgetting I\rquote m the firstborn son. She\rquote s\par
mine until I tire of her. Only then can she be chased. But until then...\rdblquote  He\par
prowled forward, closing the distance. \ldblquote She\rquote s fucking off limits. Got it?\rdblquote\par
Kes stood taller, his arms locked by his sides. He didn\rquote t look like he\par
would back down. Seconds ticked past, the late summer sky filling with\par
throbbing testosterone.\par
I waited for the kindling of a fight to erupt, but Kes rolled his shoulders\par
admitting defeat. \ldblquote Fine. But I\rquote m not waiting until you tire. Fair\rquote s fair,\par
brother. I\rquote ll catch you around.\rdblquote  Prowling away, he turned to wave goodbye.\par
\ldblquote See you soon, Nila. Remember, my quarters are always open to you.\rdblquote\par
The moment he\rquote d disappeared, Jethro rounded on me.\par
I huddled on my lounger, wishing he wasn\rquote t towering above and\par
blotting out the sunshine like the devil incarnate.\par
If he wanted to berate me for what happened the other night, then so be\par
it, but I wouldn\rquote t take his temper without drawing blood of my own.\par
But just like Kes had shed his animosity, Jethro managed the same.\par
His face settled from rage into normalcy. Bowing, he held out his hand.\par
\ldblquote Come. There\rquote s something I\rquote ve been meaning to show you.\rdblquote\par
\par
My jaw dropped to the floor.\par
I\rquote d never seen anything so spectacular and perfect and inviting in my\par
entire life.\par
Is this real? Or am I in a dream?\par
\ldblquote What\emdash what is this place?\rdblquote\par
Is this what Kestrel meant when he said Jethro had something to show\par
me?\par
Jethro placed his hand on the small of my back, pushing me forward.\par
The double doors behind him closed. Leaning against them, he never took\par
his eyes from my wonder-filled face.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s yours. Your quarters. Your real quarters.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\emdash I don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote\par
He chuckled softly. \ldblquote The buzzard room was a stupid idea I had to keep\par
you in line. I\rquote ve grown up a little since then.\rdblquote\par
I had so much to ask, but all I could do was drift forward in awe.\par
The room was huge, completely open plan with arched walkways\par
leading to a sitting room, dressing room, bathroom complete with huge\par
shower and claw-foot bathtub, and a bedroom that looked straight from a\par
Persian souk. Acres of divine beaded material hung in heavy swathes from\par
the teak four-poster bed.\par
But it was the room we stood in that fascinated me.\par
It was better than any haberdashery I\rquote d been in.\par
Far exceeding any priceless material market I\rquote d travelled to with my\par
father and brother on expeditions to find exclusive textiles.\par
The walls were decorated with floor-to-ceiling racks. Bolts and bolts of\par
every colour fabric imaginable hung enticing and new. Ribbon spools, lace\par
sheaves, threads of every style and width rested on huge tables groaning\par
with scissors, needles, chalk pens, and tape measures.\par
In the centre of the room stood three sizable busts, two full-size models\par
to design the perfect dress on, and a skylight above, which drenched the\par
space in natural light.\par
Comfy couches, love-seats, and velour stylish chairs were scattered\par
beside bookcases full of histories of fashion; there was even a fish tank in\par
the corner with tropical fish glowing in pristine turquoise water.\par
My fingers ached to touch everything at once.\par
Then my eyes dropped to the carpet.\par
Deep emerald richness glowed with elegance and the repeating design\par
of W.\par
\ldblquote This is the Weaver quarters. They\rquote re only shown and offered when the\par
current Weaver fully understands her place.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t stop my smirk, turning to stare at him. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t learned my\par
place.\rdblquote\par
His face remained locked of emotion. \ldblquote No, you haven\rquote t. And my father\par
won\rquote t be happy that I\rquote m giving you this so soon, but...things changed.\rdblquote\par
My heart sprung into an irregular beat, waiting for him to continue.\par
But he didn\rquote t.\par
Moving through the room, he stood out in his black shirt and grey\par
slacks like a spot of ink or a stain on such pretty fabric. He didn\rquote t belong.\par
I followed him. Finally seeing what I should\rquote ve seen all along.\par
He doesn\rquote t belong in these rooms.\par
He doesn\rquote t belong in this house.\par
He doesn\rquote t belong with this family.\par
Everything I knew about Jethro was wrong. And despite his task and\par
our fates that were horribly entwined and shadowed with death, I wanted to\par
know him.\par
Following him through the space, I slammed to a stop as he spun to face\par
me.\par
His face twisted. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to talk. I don\rquote t want to discuss what\rquote s\par
happening or even try to fucking understand it.\rdblquote\par
My stomach flipped over at the lust glowing in his gaze. \ldblquote Okay...\rdblquote\par
Closing the distance between us in one large stride, he captured my\par
cheeks, holding me firm. \ldblquote I want to fuck you again. So fucking much.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re asking my permission?\rdblquote  I whispered.\par
His face contorted. \ldblquote No, I\rquote m not asking for your damn permission.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then...just do it.\rdblquote\par
The air solidified and for a second, I thought he\rquote d throw me away and\par
storm off.\par
But then his fingers dug into my cheeks and his mouth crashed against\par
mine.\f0\par
Jethro.\par
WHAT THE FUCK am I doing?\par
I\rquote d spent the past week working for my father, having sessions with my\par
sister, and running the latest diamond shipment\f1\emdash not to mention the frantic\par
hour I\rquote d had after fucking her and sneaking into the security room to\par
destroy the camera footage.\par
I was playing with fire. And instead of getting burned and becoming a\par
puddle of melted ice water, I was stronger, better, firmer in my convictions\par
than I\rquote d been in...well, forever.\par
I didn\rquote t understand how the direct contradiction to my world could\par
improve me rather than destroy me.\par
I knew I should question it\emdash find answers rather than keep going down\par
a path I didn\rquote t understand, but how could I stop when Nila was at the end,\par
beckoning with a corrupting smile, spreading her legs in wanton invitation?\par
I wasn\rquote t a monster, but I wasn\rquote t a fucking saint either.\par
My willpower to stay away had snapped this morning when I\rquote d seen her\par
disappear into the gardens with a hungry haunt in her eyes.\par
I liked to think that look was for me.\par
But then she\rquote d kissed my fucking brother.\par
Nila\rquote s hands flew up, her fingers slipping through my hair. She moaned,\par
sucking on my tongue, driving me mad.\par
My stomach swooped as my cock instantly thickened.\par
If she was hungry, then I was fucking ravenous.\par
Her cheeks were pliant beneath my fingertips. Our tongues meshed and\par
parried. Her soft moan echoed in my chest, and I couldn\rquote t stop myself from\par
walking her backward to the bed.\par
Countless evenings Cut had told me how I was to fuck her the first time.\par
A game plan of pain, torture, and no pleasure permitted for her. That was\par
part of the Third Debt\emdash amongst other things.\par
But here I was again. Disobeying.\par
Fucking disobeying everything I was, just for one little taste.\par
My cock wasn\rquote t supposed to go anywhere near her for months. How did\par
this happen? How was I so weak when it came to her?\par
Nila cried out as the back of her legs crashed against the bed. She\par
tumbled from my grip, her cheeks pinpricked with red from where my\par
fingertips had dug into her flesh.\par
My dick had never been so hard as she clambered onto her knees and\par
looped her arms around my neck, jerking me close.\par
I should stop this. I should walk out the fucking door and lock it. Better\par
yet, I should strike her and make her cry\emdash instil a healthy dose of fear into\par
the woman who was supposed to be my toy. Not my master.\par
\ldblquote Jethro\emdash please...stop thinking. I can hear your thoughts; they\rquote re so\par
loud.\rdblquote\par
I reared back. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
That....that was too close to home.\par
If she could hear my thoughts, why the hell wasn\rquote t she running?\par
Couldn\rquote t she see the danger? Didn\rquote t she understand the nightmare this\par
could turn into?\par
I not only played with my life but hers, too. Death wouldn\rquote t be given\par
lightly if Cut found out. He\rquote d make her beg for it. He\rquote d tear her apart piece\par
by piece for every delicious feeling she invoked in his firstborn son.\par
Every kiss, every touch\emdash I was sentencing her to worse than any debt\par
she could repay. And all for what? Because I was fucking weak. Weak.\par
Weak.\par
You can have today.\par
I\rquote d premeditated this\emdash that was how addicted I\rquote d become.\par
\lquote Someone\rquote  had spilled something sticky onto the security hard drive; a\par
new part had to be ordered before the cameras in the Weaver quarters would\par
be operational.\par
I calculated two days, possibly three, before it was replaced.\par
Two or three days to fuck her as much as I could, before going coldturkey and forgetting that this ever happened.\par
\ldblquote Kiss me,\rdblquote  she murmured, her black eyes glittering with lust.\par
A smile tugged the corner of my mouth. \ldblquote Aren\rquote t those the two words\par
that got us into this mess?\rdblquote\par
She grabbed the front of my shirt, her expert fingers undoing the buttons\par
in record time.\par
My head fell back as her tiny hands splayed on my chest and tickled\par
their way around to my spine.\par
She pulled me close, sealing her lips over mine.\par
The second her taste entered my mouth, I snapped again.\par
I couldn\rquote t help it.\par
She was a fucking drug.\par
Grabbing the diamond collar, I shoved her hard. Toppling, her nails\par
scraped my ribcage as she fell backward on the bed. The moment her\par
ballerina legs spread, I pounced.\par
I couldn\rquote t resist anymore\emdash it was futile.\par
Ripping my shirt off my shoulders, I kneeled on the bed and grabbed\par
her hips to drag her body beneath mine. Pressing myself over her, we both\par
shuddered in delight.\par
Her belly fluttered like a dying creature; while her heart pounded so\par
hard, it rearranged my own beat.\par
I\rquote d never enjoyed kissing anyone as much as I enjoyed kissing Nila. I\par
felt her tongue in my mouth but felt it stronger on my cock. I\rquote d never been\par
high on the taste of another person. It wasn\rquote t just chemistry sparking\par
between us or the battle of willpowers or even the knowledge of how this\par
would all end.\par
It was different, and I had no urge to put a description on it. The\par
moment I knew what it was, was the moment I would have to run from it.\par
Her tongue stroked slow and inviting with mine, dancing like liquid\par
silk.\par
My hand fell between her legs. The jeans she wore were my worst\par
enemy as I attacked the button and zipper.\par
She giggled against my mouth, shoving my fumbling fingers away to\par
release it with one twist of a single hand. \ldblquote Now you can get rid of them.\rdblquote\par
My stomach clenched at the need in her voice. \ldblquote Thank fuck for that.\rdblquote\par
Rolling off her, I yanked the offending material away and bent my head\par
over her hip to tear at the black lace knickers she wore. Ripping them off, a\par
groan echoed in my chest.\par
\ldblquote Hey! You keep doing that and I won\rquote t have any underwear left.\rdblquote\par
My cock lurched at the thought of her spending the rest of her days\par
walking around with nothing on beneath her fancy skirts and dresses. I liked\par
the idea way too much.\par
An image of her dressed in that gorgeous black and feather gown when\par
I\rquote d stolen her from Milan filled my mind. I wished I\rquote d brought it with us,\par
instead of leaving it on the sidewalk, tattered and dirty. Nila was the type of\par
beauty who deserved to wear decadence every day.\par
I couldn\rquote t deny I liked seeing her in shorts and regular clothing, but\par
there was something overwhelmingly sexy about a woman in corsets and\par
garters.\par
Fuck, stop thinking about that.\par
I was hard enough to kill someone with the weapon in my trousers; I\par
didn't want to come before I\rquote d even filled her.\par
Her hands landed on my belt buckle. I blinked as she magically undid\par
both my belt and jeans. With feisty hands, she shoved them, along with my\par
boxer-briefs, down my thighs.\par
I groaned as her fingers latched around my cock.\par
The fire she conjured in me was too fucking strong. My psyche did\par
what it had been trained to do and retreated instantly, protecting itself,\par
hiding the truth.\par
I went frigid.\par
Nila paused, panting. \ldblquote What\emdash what\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\par
Everything.\par
\ldblquote Nothing.\rdblquote  I pulled back, sitting up and swinging my legs over the edge\par
of the bed.\par
This is so bloody dangerous. You have to stop it.\par
I sucked in a breath as Nila\rquote s graceful arms wrapped around my neck,\par
pressing her now naked breasts against my back. The swell of soft flesh and\par
pinpricks of hard nipples almost undid me.\par
I curled my hands, drawing blood as I bit hard on my lower lip. \ldblquote Let me\par
go.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
A small flare of anger shot through my blood. \ldblquote Christ, woman.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nila. My name is Nila.\rdblquote  She pressed a kiss on my shoulder. \ldblquote Try it...it\par
won\rquote t kill you.\rdblquote\par
You\rquote re wrong. You\rquote re already killing me.\par
\ldblquote Jethro\emdash if you\rquote re pulling away, then you should know if you walk out\par
that door and leave me for days on end...we\rquote re done.\rdblquote\par
The very word implying I would never be allowed back inside her\par
welcoming body was blasphemy. My anger increased, thickening my blood.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re forgetting that you\rquote re mine to do with as I see fit.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m yours to torment, I agree. But somehow I think your father\par
wouldn\rquote t be pleased with us doing this.\rdblquote  Her lips grazed my shoulders\par
again. \ldblquote You can\rquote t lie about that. That\rquote s why you told me to keep it a secret.\rdblquote\par
I slumped forward, trying to dislodge her hold.\par
Silence fell awkwardly between us. I battled with doing the right thing\par
by leaving and the wrong thing by spinning around and thrusting my aching\par
cock inside her.\par
Nila murmured against my skin. \ldblquote Sex is meant to strip us back. It\rquote s\par
meant to show the truth of what we keep hidden. Don\rquote t be afraid of\par
something that could ultimately save you.\rdblquote\par
My heart froze at the thought of revealing my innermost secrets.\par
I laughed coldly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want saving, Ms. Weaver. And sex is the\par
opposite. It\rquote s a projection of nothing more than animalistic need.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t believe that. Not what we have.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What we have is so far out of my comfort range, I\rquote m hanging on by a\par
fucking thread.\rdblquote\par
What. The. Fuck?\par
I snapped my lips closed at the awful confession.\par
Nila stiffened, her heartbeat tapping against my back. \ldblquote See, you can be\par
honest when you don\rquote t censor yourself.\rdblquote\par
I sighed. \ldblquote You want honesty? Fine. I\rquote m used to living my life with an\par
iron fist of control. You undermine that control. I can\rquote t let that happen. I\par
don\rquote t handle things well when I\rquote m not...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cold.\rdblquote\par
I nodded. \ldblquote I\rquote ll admit that you\rquote ve gotten under my skin in a way I didn\rquote t\par
think was possible. I\rquote m feeling things I\rquote ve never\emdash\rdblquote  I cut myself off. What\par
the hell was I saying? I sounded like a fucking pussy. \ldblquote I won\rquote t deny, now\par
that I\rquote ve had you, that I want you again and again and fuck, I doubt I\rquote ll ever\par
want to stop, but it has to stop.\rdblquote\par
It has to stop before I do something worse.\par
Nila pulled away, moving to sit beside me. \ldblquote Something this good\par
shouldn\rquote t have to end, Jethro. Screw family. Screw the debts. We want each\par
other. Let\rquote s just give in to that and forget about tomorrow.\rdblquote\par
If only it was that easy. If only we had unlimited tomorrows.\par
But we don\rquote t.\par
\ldblquote What\emdash what do you want from me, Jethro? You\rquote ve taken everything\emdash\par
either by force or by allowing me small glimpses of who you are. What are\par
you so afraid of?\rdblquote  Her voice lowered to a curse. \ldblquote What do you want?\rdblquote\par
I want...I want...\par
Fuck, I don\rquote t know what I want.\par
My body ached with frustration, confusion, and need. How did this go\par
from sex to revelations?\par
Everything I\rquote d ever wanted in my life had turned me into this...mess.\par
Everything I\rquote d ever let myself crave was used against me and taught me\par
to hate rather than love.\par
It was easier to run from compassion and empathy when they were the\par
very things that had the power to steal everything I\rquote d worked so hard for.\par
I would continue to fuck Nila, because I was done depriving myself of\par
everything good. But I wouldn\rquote t let her get inside my head, and I definitely\par
wouldn\rquote t let her climb inside my heart.\par
Bracing myself, I snapped, \ldblquote I want you to understand that you will\par
never know me. You\rquote ll never have any power over me, nor will you have\par
any hold on my loyalties. No matter what goes on between us, I will never\par
release you, never take your side against my family, never bow to any\par
demands you make. Nothing has changed in that respect.\rdblquote\par
Breathing hard, I finished, \ldblquote If you can handle that, then I\rquote ll fuck you\par
and grant us both some happiness. But if you can\rquote t, then I\rquote m walking out\par
that door and won\rquote t be back until it\rquote s time for the Second Debt.\rdblquote\par
She cupped my cheek. Her hand was steady; her eyes clear from vertigo\par
or stress. It seemed the truth from me didn\rquote t upset her nearly as much as\par
when I locked myself in ice. \ldblquote I want to keep feeling this. So I\rquote ll agree...for\par
now.\rdblquote  Her gaze dropped to my lips, anxiousness and passion pinking her\par
cheeks. \ldblquote Enough talking. Kiss me.\rdblquote\par
I groaned. I\rquote d never hear the command \lquote kiss me\rquote  again without wanting\par
to devour her.\par
This was a steep learning curve for both of us. We just had to make sure\par
we didn\rquote t fall off the edge and plummet to our deaths.\par
She fell backward on the bed. My body took over, intolerable need\par
ordering my limbs to follow. Kicking off my jeans from still around my\par
thighs, I planted my elbows by her ears on the mattress and settled between\par
her legs.\par
My cock twitched, dying to enter her.\par
Lowering my head, I bit the soft vulnerability of her neck.\par
My mind ran riot with everything I wanted to do. Resting between her\par
legs was enjoyable...but it wasn\rquote t what I wanted. It wasn\rquote t what would keep\par
me sane.\par
If I let myself fuck her again, the next time I took her\emdash it would be very\par
different. It would have to be. I had no choice.\par
She gasped, writhing beneath me, pushing her hips upward.\par
She was eager\emdash ridiculously so. And I was damn near desperate to fuck\par
her again. I wanted to pour inside her. I wanted to look into her eyes as I let\par
loose and filled her.\par
Nila\rquote s hands grabbed the back of my neck, guiding my face to hers.\par
Licking my bottom lip, her warm tongue was searing torture.\par
My stomach clenched.\par
Kissing her deeply, I stiffened. Pulling back, I drank my fill of her\par
naked body. I\rquote d seen most parts of her\emdash either running, hiding in a tree, or\par
spread-eagled on a table\emdash but her bruised skin and elongated muscles\par
seemed to control my cock completely.\par
My brain scattered as I followed the hollow path of her belly to her\par
sharp hipbones over silky skin. There wasn\rquote t an ounce of fat anywhere on\par
her delicate frame. She had abs that were impressive but cute and a pussy\par
that was tight and hidden demurely by perfect pink lips.\par
She was pure female\emdash the embodiment of fragility and tenacity that I\par
coveted and fantasised about.\par
The things I wanted to do to her. The things I\rquote d always locked away\par
bubbled beneath the surface.\par
I hadn\rquote t noticed before, but she had a singular subtle scent of freshness\par
\emdash a comforting perfume that was both an aphrodisiac and intoxicant,\par
making me fall deeper into hell.\par
I wanted to tell her she was beautiful.\par
I wanted to tell her what she was doing to me.\par
But I couldn\rquote t.\par
Grabbing her breast, I pinched her nipple, before bowing my head and\par
sucking it into my mouth.\par
She moaned, clamping my head to her chest. Every lash of my tongue\par
made my cock ripple with need.\par
Her hands were insatiable as they slid over my burning shoulders,\par
kneading, stroking, seeming to both calm and drive me wild.\par
I crawled back up her body.\par
Her eyes latched onto mine, glowing with things that were too intense\par
and painful. My heart cleaved and lurched, exceeding my realm of ability to\par
function.\par
Frantically clawing at a small hint of ice, I kissed her deeply.\par
It should\rquote ve just been a kiss, but her mouth had a sorcery against my\par
control. Her silent plea for more whispered around us; her body shifted and\par
begged beneath mine, driving me closer to throwing myself into the pit that\par
I\rquote d climbed from and not give a flying fuck about anything anymore.\par
\ldblquote I want you inside me, Jethro,\rdblquote  she whispered, her breath misting over\par
my skin.\par
My hand went to her throat, tensing around the tender column. \ldblquote I\rquote ve\par
never wanted to fuck someone as badly as I want to fuck you.\rdblquote\par
She moaned, \ldblquote Then stop delaying.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I like watching you squirm.\rdblquote  I dropped my nose to where I cupped\par
her throat. \ldblquote After all, you won again, Ms. Weaver\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nila. Please...you can call me Ms. Weaver when we aren\rquote t millimetres\par
from claiming each other.\rdblquote\par
I shook my head. \ldblquote As I was saying, before you rudely interrupted.\rdblquote  I bit\par
her bottom lip, sucking it into my mouth. \ldblquote You won because I fucked you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think you won on that account, too.\rdblquote\par
I licked her, tracing the tip of my tongue along her jaw, making her\par
tremble. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t beg though, did you?\rdblquote\par
She stiffened, a small moan echoing in her chest. \ldblquote Don\rquote t...don\rquote t make\par
me.\rdblquote\par
A small smile played on my mouth. \ldblquote Oh, I\rquote ll make you, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
Nuzzling into her throat, I kissed a cold diamond on her collar. \ldblquote Let\rquote s begin,\par
shall we?\rdblquote\par
She growled, \ldblquote Just put it in me, Jethro.\rdblquote\par
I chuckled. \ldblquote Just put it in me? That\rquote s hardly romantic.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This isn\rquote t romantic. If it was, we\rquote d have candles and rose petals and\par
soft music. This is a means to an end.\rdblquote\par
I reared up on my elbows. \ldblquote A means to an end?\rdblquote  I shouldn\rquote t be hurt, but\par
goddammit I was.\par
Nila clenched her stomach, reaching for me. \ldblquote I want to come. You want\par
to come. Stop prolonging it.\rdblquote\par
My cock wept at her distress\emdash she\rquote d passed the edge of commonsense. I\par
wanted to give in\emdash fuck, how I wanted to\emdash but I also wanted to win just\par
once. She\rquote d somehow become the victor in all our battles. This one I\par
intended to walk away the vanquisher.\par
Slamming my hand on her sternum, I pressed her against the mattress\par
and scooted down her body. Every inch I travelled, I nipped and sucked\emdash\par
her nipple, every rib to her naval.\par
\ldblquote Jethro...\rdblquote  she panted, her hands once again diving into my hair. My\par
heart did weird things when she held me like that\emdash her fingernails digging\par
into my scalp, her barely restrained lust causing pinpricks of pain that felt\par
better than any pleasure.\par
\ldblquote Tell me what I want to hear, Ms. Weaver. Then I\rquote ll give you what you\par
want.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I won\rquote t. I won\rquote t beg. You\rquote ll break before me.\rdblquote\par
I laughed softly, rimming her belly button with the tip of my tongue.\par
\ldblquote Are you so sure about that?\rdblquote\par
She\rquote s right.\par
My cock hadn\rquote t stopped throbbing, and the sticky wetness at the top\par
told me I\rquote d been unsuccessful in stopping my need.\par
She yanked on my hair, trying to pull me up. Biting her flat stomach, I\par
caught her wrists and pinned them against the mattress. \ldblquote No more touching,\par
Ms. Weaver. Remember that control I mentioned? Well, I need it.\rdblquote  Blowing\par
air on her pussy, which was mouth level and glistening, I murmured, \ldblquote You\par
have the tightest, wettest, greediest cunt I\rquote ve ever had the pleasure to taste.\par
And I plan on dining again. Take your time and decide if it\rquote s beneath you to\par
beg.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bastard,\rdblquote  she growled, fighting my hold on her wrists.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m the bastard?\rdblquote  I positioned myself, swiping my wet tongue along\par
her slit. Her back bowed as her breath caught. \ldblquote I\rquote m the bastard for wanting\par
to give you pleasure instead of pain?\rdblquote\par
Stop that.\par
I hadn\rquote t meant to say that. Another slip. Another fucking dangerous slip.\par
Nila didn\rquote t notice as I tongued her again, diving below and dipping\par
quickly and intrusively inside her.\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote\par
A violent shiver of lust commandeered my muscles. My ears roared\par
with the need to forget about taunting her and fuck her dirty and wrong.\par
\ldblquote Jethro...please...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Almost a beg, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote  Without pause, I buried my face in her\par
pussy.\par
She tried to move, but I kept my fingers locked around her wrists and\par
gave her no room to move as I fucked her with my tongue.\par
I looked up, following the delicious contours of her stomach. She glared\par
down at me, her eyes full of black flames.\par
I smiled, licking her harder.\par
\ldblquote I won\rquote t do it.\rdblquote\par
I didn\rquote t reply, only sucked her clit into my mouth.\par
She spasmed, shuddering uncontrollably.\par
\ldblquote It all ends with one little word, Ms. Weaver.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I won\rquote t. Not until you call me Nila.\rdblquote\par
My tongue drove into her tight pussy; her muscles clenched viciously\par
around me.\par
\ldblquote How about a tr\emdash truce?\rdblquote  Her voice strained as her legs stiffened, toes\par
curling.\par
\ldblquote A truce?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Two winners.\rdblquote\par
I breathed hot, drenching her inner thighs with everything boiling inside\par
me. \ldblquote Fine.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You go first.\rdblquote\par
I chuckled, so turned on with need, I rapidly lost the skill for\par
conversation. \ldblquote No chance. Beg.\rdblquote  I pressed my mouth and nose hard against\par
her, inhaling deeply until my lungs were soaked with her smell.\par
\ldblquote Jethro!\rdblquote\par
My heart raced. My breathing made every word clipped and breathless.\par
\ldblquote Say it\emdash put us both out of our misery.\rdblquote\par
Her head twisted to the side, pressing her cheek against the sheets.\par
\ldblquote Do it and I\rquote ll do what you want. I\rquote ll use your name. I\rquote ll climb on top of\par
you. I\rquote ll spread your legs and drive my cock so deep and fast inside, you\par
won\rquote t be able to walk for a week.\rdblquote\par
We both groaned at the mental image. Fuck, she better beg. Otherwise,\par
she would win another round. I was two seconds away from taking her.\par
My impressive self-control\emdash the same restraint that had protected me all\par
my life\emdash had disappeared.\par
Her hips churned as I dragged my tongue through her quivering pussy.\par
\ldblquote Beg, Ms. Weaver. Beg.\rdblquote  Her velvet skin against my tongue sent all\par
thoughts of family and consequences far into the stratosphere.\par
I sucked her clit again, my ears straining for her to give in to me, but\par
still she resisted.\par
I stuck my tongue deep, driving her toward an orgasm. Her cunt\par
convulsed, milking my shallow penetration.\par
I groaned. Sweat ran down my temples, and my back ached from\par
tension. My hips rocked against the mattress, driving my cock into the\par
surface, seeking relief from the quaking pleasure-pain.\par
\ldblquote Beg, damn you!\rdblquote  I hissed against her clit. I couldn\rquote t take it anymore.\par
\ldblquote Use my name and I will.\rdblquote\par
Fuck, we wouldn\rquote t get anywhere. We were both too strong. Too damn\par
stubborn.\par
Panting hard, I looked up into her blazing eyes, glassy and intoxicated\par
with desire. \ldblquote Together.\rdblquote  It was the first time I\rquote d conceded a truce. I didn\rquote t\par
like it, but if it got me inside her, so be it.\par
Nila froze, her mouth falling wide. Finally, she nodded. \ldblquote Together.\rdblquote\par
Pressing a kiss onto her pussy, I climbed her body and settled between\par
her legs. Locking my fingers in her hair, I held her firm with nowhere to go.\par
My cock twitched, resting against her entrance, imploring to slide inside.\par
Our hearts matched with racing beats, our breathing just as threadbare\par
and frayed.\par
Her lips moved; sound spilled. \ldblquote I\rquote m begging you to fuck me, Jethro\par
Hawk.\rdblquote\par
My eyes snapped shut as a full body shudder took me hostage. \ldblquote Again.\rdblquote\par
I swallowed hard. \ldblquote More, Nila. Beg.\rdblquote\par
The moment her name fell from my mouth, she let go of everything\par
she\rquote d been holding back. Her hands fell to my arse, digging her nails and\par
drawing her knees up. With a fierce burst of power, she jerked me forward,\par
forcing my tip inside her.\par
We both moaned. Loudly.\par
\ldblquote Fuck me, please. I\rquote m begging. I need it. I need you. I\rquote ve never needed\par
anything as much as you filling me.\rdblquote  She tried to reach up to kiss me, but\par
my hands in her hair kept her open and honest and stripped bare.\par
\ldblquote Jethro, I\rquote ll die if you don\rquote t fuck me this very minute. I\rquote m hungry. I\rquote m\par
starving. I don\rquote t know what\rquote s wrong with me. I just know I\rquote m itchy and\par
achy and weepy and so damn angry that you won\rquote t give me what I want.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what do you want...Nila?\rdblquote\par
She shivered. \ldblquote I want your cock. Now.\rdblquote\par
And you can have it.\par
I thrust.\par
There was no gentle easing like last time. My self-control was done.\par
Over. Finite. I sank inside with a barbarous impale.\par
She screamed.\par
I groaned.\par
We both collapsed into one another.\par
Falling. Falling. Swirling. Swirling. We took each other prisoner.\par
Punishing our bodies, focused on one blistering goal.\par
\ldblquote Oh, God, no...stop,\rdblquote  she cried. Her hips tried to dislodge my size.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t stop.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It hurts.\rdblquote  Her breath was cool against my fevered flesh.\par
\ldblquote Let me in.\rdblquote  I thrust again, gritting my teeth as a wash of pleasure shot\par
into my balls.\par
Her mouth opened to scream again, but I clamped a hand over her lips,\par
silencing her. Her cheekbones were stark, skin stretched with lust. Her eyes\par
were so dark they mirrored my reflection, showing a man I didn\rquote t recognise.\par
A man who\rquote d well and truly passed the boundary of right and wrong.\par
Then a drawn out keen of welcome vibrated in her chest.\par
My eyes snapped shut as her body gave in to me, stretching, inviting.\par
Fuck.\par
My hands fisted harder in her hair. The foreplay had drained us of\par
everything. This would be hard, fast\emdash bloodthirsty.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to fuck you now, Nila.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  Her fingernails sliced deeper into my lower back as I thrust into\par
her. I rammed inside over and over, balls-deep and buried. I wasn\rquote t just\par
fucking her body but her mind and soul, too.\par
She let me in everywhere.\par
She dropped everything, letting me bulldoze through her defences.\par
My heart bucked at the preciousness of what I held\emdash the gift in which\par
she gave. It fucking tore my innards out and turned me hollow.\par
The connection was too acute. Physically, spiritually. I\rquote d never wanted\par
to belong...always been an outcast and outsider, but between the legs of my\par
Weaver Whore, I found....redemption, salvation.\par
She clamped around me, dragging a ragged groan from my chest. I\par
ground my hips harder, deeper, faster.\par
We locked eyes.\par
I shouted at her silently.\par
Cursed her wordlessly.\par
You feel me inside you?\par
You feel me claiming you?\par
You feel me destroying you?\par
My muscles went rigid as her eyes recognised my message and shot one\par
of their own.\par
You feel me around you?\par
You feel me undermining you?\par
You feel me making you care?\par
I slammed forward, drawing a primitive sound from her. \ldblquote God, you\emdash\par
you feel...\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What? What do you feel?\rdblquote  I growled.\par
\ldblquote Good. Too good. I need\emdash I need to come.\rdblquote\par
You and me both.\par
I couldn\rquote t do this anymore. I needed it over, so I could run and hide. So\par
I could fix everything that was wrong with me. So I could find the man I\rquote d\par
been for twenty-nine fucking long years.\par
She made a helpless sound of need, grinding herself on my cock. We\par
dripped with sweat, our skin slipping and slicking against each other, our\par
lungs desperate for air.\par
Tightening my hold on her hair, I increased my rhythm. Nailing her to\par
the bed, I fucked with wild savagery.\par
Her orgasm came from nowhere and with no warning. One second she\par
rode me as hard as I rode her, the next she went stiff and taut. Her mouth\par
fell wide. A moan that twisted my heart fell around us as her pussy fisted\par
my cock with strength that tore me into pieces.\par
My own release percolated like a typhoon, howling and buffeting my\par
every cell.\par
\ldblquote Fuck.\rdblquote  Grabbing her hip, I tilted her body so she was angled for even\par
deeper punishment.\par
Tears of delirium trickled from her eyes as I drove my cock further\par
inside her. Her face squeezed tight as I hit the spot where I could go no\par
further. Her body halted any deeper claiming.\par
The moment she finished coming, I couldn\rquote t stop.\par
Pleasure surged through me with every thrust. I turned to stone as fiery\par
release exploded from my balls and splashed inside her.\par
Fuck, pull out. Pull out.\par
Lurching upright, I wrapped my fingers around the base of my dick and\par
fucked my own hand as I shot thread after thread of release onto her belly.\par
The second it was over, the guilt came back.\par
The fear.\par
The anger.\par
We were now doubly fucked, and I had no clue how to fix it.\par
Nila looked at her stomach, and in the boldest, sexiest move, ran her\par
fingertip through my release and sucked it into her mouth.\par
Fuck. Me.\par
My entire body tingled.\par
\ldblquote If sex with you is like that every time, I have a horrible feeling we\rquote ll\par
end up fucking each other into an early grave.\rdblquote\par
An icy gust skittered down my spine. If only she knew how true that\par
sentence was.\par
She had no clue what I would do to her the next time. She\rquote d had me\par
twice with only skin between us. The next time...shit, I couldn\rquote t think about\par
what I\rquote d do without getting hard again.\par
The joy at what I planned trickled into my double-crossing heart, and I\par
knew this was the beginning of the end.\par
We would keep on ruining each other.\par
We would keep on desecrating debts and vows.\par
And we would keep on fucking up our future until nothing but horror\par
remained.\f0\par
Nila.\par
LIFE HAD TURNED from manic to surreal.\par
I still lived in a den of beasts, with fear around every corner and dread\par
in my future, but my present had never felt so right.\par
I had obligations to talk to my father and brother before they appeared\par
with guns blazing.\par
I had messages to reply to Kite.\par
I had bridges to mend with Kestrel.\par
But for some reason, I couldn\rquote t bear to leave the insanely comfortable\par
mattress of the Weaver quarters.\par
The ceiling above was obscured by the bolts of Persian material, and the\par
scent of freshly spun fabric was the best air freshener I\rquote d ever smelled.\par
I stretched, basking in the echoing pain of being used by Jethro once\par
again.\par
He\rquote d shown me how much passion was hidden beneath his wintry shell,\par
and I knew he\rquote d only just started to thaw. The thought of more sex, better\par
sex, deeper, soul-blistering sex made me shiver in both excitement and\par
nervousness. I meant what I said about killing ourselves with pleasure. I\par
didn\rquote t think I could stand much more. But nothing on earth would stop me\par
from willingly walking to my demise if it meant I could take Jethro with\par
me.\par
Don\rquote t forget the plan.\par
I froze.\par
My goal of seducing him had worked. He\rquote d changed and for some\par
reason, had let me worm my way into his affections. But by letting me\par
inside him, he\rquote d stripped me of my defences. The moment when my body\par
stretched around him, letting him take me fully, I\rquote d felt something give\par
inside. More than just an invitation or coy come-hither to destroy him\f1\emdash it\par
had been real, and I\rquote d had no willpower to stop him from invading.\par
You\rquote re playing such a dangerous game.\par
My heart crawled up my throat at the thought of losing.\par
What can truly happen, though?\par
I already lived with a death sentence. So what if I died with a broken\par
heart as well? It wouldn\rquote t change my fate. It would only grant fullness to a\par
life while it was still mine to enjoy.\par
Commonsense didn\rquote t like my conclusions, but I switched off my\par
thoughts.\par
I rolled over, inhaling the scent of his woodland leather from the pillow\par
he\rquote d rested upon.\par
After we\rquote d crashed back to earth, he\rquote d spent an hour just lying there.\par
Regrouping or thinking or just being himself...once he\rquote d gathered his\par
fa\f0\'e7ade, he\rquote d wordlessly disappeared and not come back.\par
All my belongings had already been transferred, and I noticed my\par
phone, recharged and no longer in pieces, blinking with incoming mail on\par
the duck-egg-blue bedside table.\par
Not only had Jethro given me my phone, but he\rquote d left it on and waiting\par
for me to use.\par
Why did Jethro want me to use it? Wasn\rquote t he jealous that I had an\par
affinity with Kes/Kite? You have to put a stop to that. It wasn\rquote t fair to\par
confuse Kestrel by flirting with him via messages only to pull away in\par
person.\par
I had too much to juggle with dealing with Jethro; I couldn\rquote t enter into\par
another masquerade with his brother.\par
Grabbing the device, I skimmed through my emails and opened text\par
messages.\par
There were a few from Vaughn, a couple from my father, and one only\par
an hour old from Kite.\par
My heart skipped a beat as I read.\par
Kite : I dreamed of kissing you last night.\par
I reclined against the pillows. Ordinarily, I would\rquote ve loved to respond\par
and tease. Now, I felt as if I was cheating on Jethro.\par
Needle&Thread: Sorry I haven\rquote t been in touch. I\f1\emdash I think...it\rquote s time to\par
end this. Don\rquote t you? We both know who each other is. It\rquote s too complicated\par
to keep pretending.\par
I chewed on the inside of my cheek. My heart ached at pushing him\par
away, especially as I\rquote d relied on Kite to be neutral. Giving him up, even\par
though I knew the truth, seemed like I\rquote d pulled away from the last\par
remaining part of my past.\par
Kite : End it? As in the thought of sleeping with me was so\par
abhorrent, you\rquote re done?\par
Needle&Thread: I just...I\rquote m sorry.\par
Kite : Fine.\par
Needle&Thread: We\rquote ll still be friends. I\rquote ll still see you every day.\par
Kite : Sometimes, having a relationship entirely based on seeing\par
each other stops us from learning the truth. Sometimes, the only way to see\par
that truth is to block off all other senses but the mind. Goodbye, Needle.\par
Guess you weren\rquote t ready to see the truth after all.\par
\par
Four hours had passed since Kite\rquote s text, and I still hadn\rquote t shed the pain\par
inside my soul. What had he meant? And why wouldn\rquote t he reply to any of\par
my messages?\par
I\rquote d frantically sent text after text, asking for forgiveness and an\par
explanation.\par
But nothing.\par
It was only hunger that drove me from my room in search of lunch.\par
I hadn\rquote t seen Jethro again, and the burn between my legs was the only\par
reminder that something irreversible had happened between us.\par
Irreversible and responsible for me hurting Kes and ruining any chance\par
of having another Hawk on my side.\par
Goosebumps scattered along my arms at the thought of bumping into\par
him and the awkwardness that would follow.\par
I might\rquote ve lost Kestrel, but I\rquote d somehow chipped into Jethro\rquote s arctic\par
shell. No matter what Cut or the debts did to me, no one would be able to\par
ruin what I\rquote d found with one of their own.\par
I had no clue what it all meant, but Jethro Hawk was no longer Cut\rquote s\par
little plaything. He was mine. And despite the guilt I felt at potentially using\par
Jethro to save my life, I knew I would do it. Eventually, I hoped to bring\par
Jethro deeper into my spell. I would make him protect me. I would\par
somehow survive this Debt Disaster.\par
We\rquote d started as enemies and still were, but now...now we were enemies\par
with a common goal. A driving need to fuck and devour.\par
A strange combination of delivering pain and pleasure.\par
It wasn\rquote t ideal. It probably wasn\rquote t healthy.\par
But it was the best damn relationship I\rquote d ever had.\par
Deciding to make my way to the kitchens, rather than have staff wait on\par
me, I entered the realm of baking and home, inhaling deep the delicious\par
smells of rosemary and garlic.\par
One of the maids, who I recognised with curly blonde hair, looked up.\par
Her pretty button nose and brown eyes were open and honest. \ldblquote Hungry,\par
miss?\rdblquote\par
I nodded, drifting forward and running a fingertip through the dusting of\par
flour on the countertop. Hawksridge Hall had been updated with every\par
modern convenience imaginable but still managed to retain its heritage. The\par
kitchen was no exception, with a brilliant blend of old world and new.\par
Stainless countertops rested on rickety handmade cupboards. Ancient flues,\par
stained black from coal smoke, loomed over top-of-the-line stovetops and\par
ovens. The massive rotisserie was still used over a large open fire, and a\par
huge black pot dangled on a tripod in the corner. Mortar and pestles lined\par
the windowsill with herbs and flowers drying above.\par
The maid kindly wrapped up a fresh baguette with a dollop of fresh\par
cream and strawberry jam, and shoved a packet of salt and vinegar crisps\par
into my hand.\par
A random meal, but I took it with gratitude. \ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote\par
She smiled. \ldblquote Don\rquote t be outside too long today. A storm is coming,\par
according to BBC. The fine weather is over.\rdblquote\par
Is that a metaphor for my life? That my summer is past and now I have\par
to survive the winter?\par
Nodding my assurances, I climbed the steps to the main part of the\par
house and exited Hawksridge by the front door.\par
The maid was right. On the horizon rested heavy clouds, black and\par
ominous. Regardless, I wanted to stretch my legs; fresh air never failed to\par
bring clarity to my world.\par
And I needed clarity after Kite\rquote s message. Every time I thought about it,\par
my heart squeezed in regret.\par
My jewelled flip-flops, cut-off shorts, and turquoise t-shirt were hardly\par
suitable clothing, especially as small raindrops splashed from above, but I\par
refused to go back inside.\par
\ldblquote Nila!\rdblquote  Kes appeared from the side of the house, his boots crunching on\par
the gravel as he jogged closer.\par
Shit.\par
As much as I wanted to confront him, I had no clue what to say.\par
Breathing shallowly, I hoped the faint bruises Jethro had left on my upper\par
arms didn\rquote t show.\par
Kes came to a stop, his eyes drifting over me. \ldblquote Where are you going?\rdblquote\par
I frowned, drinking in his face, seeking the hurt that had been in his\par
message. His gaze was blank, locked against any cypher or clues.\par
How is he hiding what happened between us?\par
Unable to understand, I shrugged. \ldblquote Nowhere in particular. Just getting\par
some air.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mind if I join you?\rdblquote\par
I shrugged again. It was best to clear the air sooner rather than later.\par
\ldblquote Sure.\rdblquote\par
Kes fell in step beside me, his gaze rising to the black clouds on the\par
horizon. His silence was heavy, judging.\par
\ldblquote Where were you going?\rdblquote  I asked. Were you running after me?\par
His golden eyes landed on mine. My stomach twisted, thinking how\par
fiery Jethro\rquote s had been last night as he pushed himself inside me.\par
\ldblquote I was just going to the stables. There\rquote s a polo match next week\emdash\par
wanted to make sure my horse is shipshape.\rdblquote  Kicking a pebble, he added,\par
\ldblquote Bloody Jet always wins at polo. This time, I\rquote m going to kick his arse.\rdblquote  His\par
voice was sharp, completely unlike his usual ease.\par
I wanted to bring up the message but had no idea how.\par
Instead, I took a bite of my baguette. Once I swallowed, I mumbled,\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve never watched a polo game. Do you think I\rquote ll be allowed to come?\rdblquote\par
Please tell me I haven\rquote t ruined our friendship. That you\rquote ll let me hang\par
out with you still.\par
If I didn\rquote t have Kes\rquote s company, I would go bonkers when Jethro\par
disappeared.\par
God, I was selfish.\par
Selfish and greedy to try and keep both men, while using them for my\par
gain.\par
Kes grinned, but it didn\rquote t reach his eyes. \ldblquote Of course. All the staff are\par
given the afternoon off to come and watch.\rdblquote  He joked, \ldblquote Even prisoners are\par
allowed to go.\rdblquote\par
Before Jethro had shown any signs of caring for me, that would\rquote ve\par
stabbed me in the heart and fortified my need to run.\par
Now...it only gave me courage to continue with my plan. And gave me\par
strength to ignore the hurt I felt at pushing Kes away.\par
Yes, I enjoyed sleeping with Jethro. Yes, I could even admit to\par
developing confusing emotions toward him. But my end game was the\par
same.\par
I wanted him to fall in love with me.\par
Only then would he stand up to his family. Only then would he be so\par
blindsided by affection, he wouldn\rquote t see the knife when it went into his\par
heart.\par
Gratefulness filled me. Kes had just reminded me of my goals. I had no\par
time for bruised feelings or misunderstandings. I had to be as manipulative\par
as they were and never waver.\par
You\rquote re just as bad as them.\par
Good.\par
I never admitted I would die for them. I would eat their food, play with\par
their toys, and fuck their oldest son, but I wouldn\rquote t die. If the Weaver\par
Wailer collar couldn\rquote t come off until my death, I planned to wear it until I\par
died in my sleep at a very old age.\par
Kes and I walked in awkward silence, neither of us willing to go too\par
deep. The Hall grew smaller behind us as we traversed the lawn, heading\par
into the woods.\par
Silently, I offered him my packet of crisps. With a sideways glance, he\par
took it.\par
A bird of prey swooped from a tree as we moved further into the forest.\par
Kes paused. \ldblquote See that?\rdblquote  Slowly, so as not to spook the animal, he\par
pointed to his bare forearm and the bird tattoo inked into his flesh. \ldblquote See\par
how similar they are?\rdblquote\par
My heart beat faster. I peered into the foliage. The plumage of the bird\par
glistened like fine auburn.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s a kite\emdash see him?\rdblquote\par
Something twisted inside at the mention of Kite.\par
I narrowed my eyes. The raptor spread its wings, soaring away.\par
Glancing at Kes\rquote s tattoo, I said, \ldblquote It didn\rquote t match the bird on your arm.\rdblquote\par
He nodded. \ldblquote That\rquote s because mine\rquote s a kestrel. They\rquote re from the same\par
family, though.\rdblquote\par
Everything went very still.\par
Was this it? The admission.\par
Nerves scattered over my spine as Kes looked at me with tension\par
etching his jaw. \ldblquote Same family, same genes, just a different name.\rdblquote\par
I stopped breathing.\par
He stepped away, popping another crisp into his mouth.\par
Dammit.\par
Why didn\rquote t he just come out and admit it? I didn\rquote t want to have to\par
prompt him, but I was done waiting for the truth.\par
Wiping my crumb-riddled fingers on my shorts, I asked, \ldblquote Same family\par
just a different name. Tell me, Kes, do you have another name, or was that a\par
riddle I\rquote m supposed to never figure out?\rdblquote\par
He stopped, sucking in a breath. \ldblquote If you\rquote re asking if I have another\par
name, I do.\rdblquote\par
My knees wobbled, waiting.\par
Go on...\par
I waited. And waited. Tension thickened. Come on. Admit it. Admit that\par
you\rquote re Kite.\par
Admit that, until recently, you were the man I spoke to every night. The\par
man I relied on for my sanity, even while you were cruel and unpredictable.\par
My heart bucked in sadness.\par
I\rquote d been kidding myself. I would miss Kes. I would miss our affinity\par
and dirty conversations. I would miss the strength he gave me and the\par
sexual power that came from talking like a masturbating minx.\par
Suddenly, I didn\rquote t want to give him up.\par
He was the missing link\emdash the brother so different from Jethro. Maybe I\par
could have them both\emdash have a balance of nasty and sweet.\par
My eagerness to uncover the truth waned.\par
Taking a step back, I whispered half-heartedly, \ldblquote What is it? Your other\par
name?\rdblquote\par
Kes shook his head. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to tell. It sucks.\rdblquote\par
Kite doesn\rquote t suck.\par
It was rather...sexy. Not Falcon or Eagle or Vulture.\par
Kite.\par
A sharp bite of a name. Violent and dangerous, but also whimsical, with\par
its fellow paper-bow-flying counterpart.\par
I shifted closer, placing my hand over his. \ldblquote Tell me.\rdblquote\par
He froze, his eyes filling with uncertainty.\par
\ldblquote You can say it,\rdblquote  I whispered. \ldblquote I know I ruined it, but it\rquote s best if you tell\par
me.\rdblquote\par
His forehead furrowed. \ldblquote Ruined what?\rdblquote\par
Before I could reply, he licked his lips and asked, \ldblquote Promise you\rquote ll still\par
like me after I tell you?\rdblquote\par
My heart skipped, fluttering faster at the thought of finally knowing. I\par
couldn\rquote t hide the ugly truth anymore. The lies I\rquote d spun disintegrated. It\par
didn\rquote t matter I was Jethro\rquote s plaything; I wasn\rquote t prepared to give Kes up. Not\par
when faced with all my future held.\par
I wanted to keep him. I would play two games. One twisting Jethro\par
around my finger and another evolving Kite\rquote s and my conversations to\par
something deeper.\par
I could have both.\par
I nodded. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
He sighed, his large shoulders rising and falling. \ldblquote Fine. It\rquote s Angus.\rdblquote\par
My world screeched to a halt. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
He shifted, his body wary. \ldblquote I know it\rquote s not the greatest name in the\par
world, but it\rquote s my given name. People called me Gus as a kid, which I\par
hated. Luckily as a Hawk, we\rquote re given nicknames. I demanded everyone\par
use mine from my eighth birthday onward.\rdblquote\par
My mind wheeled.\par
Pieces slowly realigned, slotting unwillingly into place.\par
No. It couldn\rquote t be.\par
Horror filled my heart.\par
Could Kestrel be using another name or could it be worse...\par
Could Kite be Daniel? That psychopathic fiend who would die at my\par
hand the moment I had the opportunity.\par
Holding my chest, I demanded, \ldblquote What\rquote s\emdash what\rquote s Daniel\rquote s nickname?\rdblquote\par
Kes smiled. \ldblquote He hates it. That\rquote s why he sticks to his true name.\rdblquote  He ran\par
a hand through his hair. \ldblquote Can\rquote t say I blame him, though.\rdblquote\par
Stop stalling!\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  I croaked.\par
His eyes tightened, staring at my shivering frame. \ldblquote Buzzard. His\par
nickname is Buzzard.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
It\rquote s not him.\par
Then...\par
Oh, my God.\par
The betrayal. The unfairness.\par
Please, no.\par
I swayed on my feet as a black gust of vertigo took me prisoner. I fell\par
forward, crashing into Kes\rquote s arms. \ldblquote And Jethro\rquote s?\rdblquote  My voice was just a\par
whisper. \ldblquote What\rquote s his nickname?\rdblquote\par
My heart roared. I felt sick. I felt suicidal.\par
Kestrel held me tight, his fingers digging into the bruises his brother left\par
last night. The brother I\rquote d believed was falling for my games.\par
But all along...was I falling for his?\par
Alarm at my sudden change of mood widened his eyes. \ldblquote Nila, it\rquote s okay.\par
Sit down and breathe.\rdblquote  He tried to gather me close, but I flinched away.\par
Blinking back the nausea and urge to topple, I breathed, \ldblquote Tell me, Kes.\par
What\rquote s Jethro\rquote s nickname?\rdblquote\par
I waited with bated breath.\par
I cursed my flying heart.\par
I overheated with terror.\par
My sanity hinged on the answer Kestrel gave, but it was too late.\par
I already knew.\par
Of course, I knew.\par
Of course, it was true.\par
Why did I think otherwise?\par
My instincts blared an answer I didn\rquote t want to believe.\par
The name reverberated with every panicked breath.\par
Kes placed his large, warm hands\emdash so unlike his older brother\rquote s icy\par
ones\emdash on my shoulders. \ldblquote Jethro? He never goes by it. Never has.\rdblquote\par
I don\rquote t care. Tell me!\par
I swallowed back my scream. Impatience roared in my blood.\par
Kes sensed my unravelling. He narrowed his eyes, anger flushing his\par
skin. \ldblquote It\rquote s Kite.\rdblquote\par
I couldn\rquote t do it.\par
I collapsed, landing in his arms.\par
He huddled me close, pressing a kiss against my forehead. \ldblquote His\par
nickname is Kite...but I think\emdash I think you\rquote ve known that all along.\rdblquote\par
I wanted to cry, but no tears came.\par
I wanted to rage, but no sound remained.\par
Him.\par
He\rquote d not only stolen my body but my mind and fantasies, too.\par
He\rquote d infiltrated me when I still believed in princes and fairy tales. He\rquote d\par
corrupted me before he\rquote d come to steal me.\par
Kite.\par
Jethro.\par
Kite is Jethro.\par
A wail clawed up my throat.\par
Not only had I given my body to my mortal enemy, but I\rquote d unlocked my\par
heart for him, too.\par
He\rquote d gotten under my skin. He\rquote d heard my innermost desires.\par
He was playing me like a master of duplicity.\par
My ridiculous game at making him fall in love with me pulverised.\par
I had no chance at winning.\par
Not when faced with the proficient firstborn Hawk.\par
My salvation was now my damnation.\par
Jethro is Kite...\par
...\par
And he\rquote d successfully trapped me in an aviary of deceit.\f0\par
*\par
End of Book 2. Continue in Book 3 [Second Debt]!!\par
\par
}
 